{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 Abdi, K. 2012. \uc0\u8220{}Der Parthisch-R\uc0\u246{}mische Friedhof von Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}h Hamad/Magdala. Teil II: Die Anthropologische Evidenz. By Heide Horning, with contribution by Bettina Jungklaus. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tell Tell \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}h Hamad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu (Batsh) Bd. 13-1. Wiesbaden, Harrasowitz Verlag, 2010. L + 177 pp. ISBN 978-3-447-06214-5.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}N\uc0\u257{}me-ye Ir\uc0\u257{}n-e B\uc0\u257{}st\uc0\u257{}n} 20. Z.Bibliog. 257.\
Arnaud, D. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}Textes syriens de l\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u226{}ge du bronze r\uc0\u233{}cent.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Aula Orientalis Supplementa} 1. Z.Bibliog. 230.\
Attoura, H. 2001. \uc0\u8220{}Zur Funktion der Tonstreifen.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Anatolien. Im Lichte kultureller Wechselwirkungen}, edited by Hilmar Klinkott, 13\uc0\u8211{}24. T\uc0\u252{}bingen. Z.Bibliog. 142.\
B\uc0\u225{}nyai, M. 2013. \uc0\u8220{}85) Das Interregnum von Tukulti-Ninurta I in Babylonien.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 4: 140\uc0\u8211{}146. Z.Bibliog. 330.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2014. \uc0\u8220{}48) Chronologie und Eponymen der sp\uc0\u228{}ten Zeit Tukult\uc0\u299{}-Ninurta I.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2. Z.Bibliog. 331.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2015. \uc0\u8220{}Die Chronologie der Zeit von Adad-\uc0\u353{}uma-u\uc0\u7779{}ur.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal Asiatique} 303.1: 9\uc0\u8211{}23. Z.Bibliog. 329.\
Becker, C. nicht erschienen. \uc0\u8220{}Zur Entwicklung der Wirtschaftsweise am \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r in der Bronze- und Eisenzeit. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. \uc0\u8211{} Diese Arbeit wird nicht mehr als separater Band erscheinen, sondern ist unter dem Titel: \uc0\u8222{}Die Tierknochenfunde aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu: Eine zoogeographisch-haustierkundliche Studie.\uc0\u8220{} publiziert worden.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Umwelt und Subsistenz der assyrischen Stadt D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu am Unteren \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r (Syrien)}, 8:. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Z.Bibliog. 107.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1988. \uc0\u8220{}Die Tierknochenfunde vom Tall Bd\uc0\u275{}ri 1985.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Damaszener Mitteilungen} 3: 378\uc0\u8211{}386. Z.Bibliog. 33.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}Elfenbein aus den syrischen Steppen? Gedanken zum Vorkommen von Elefanten in Nordostsyrien im Sp\uc0\u228{}tholoz\uc0\u228{}n.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zur Arch\uc0\u228{}ozoologie und Pr\uc0\u228{}historischen Anthropologie, 8. Arbeitstreffen der Osteologen in Konstanz (1993)}, edited by Mostefa Kokabi and Joachim Wahl, 53:169\uc0\u8211{}181. Forschungen und Berichte zur Vor- und Fr\uc0\u252{}hgeschichte in Baden-W\uc0\u252{}rttemberg. Stuttgart: Konrad Theiss Verlag. Z.Bibliog. 35.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006. \uc0\u8220{}Small numbers, large potential \uc0\u8211{} new prehistoric finds of elephant and beaver from the Khabur river/Syria.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}MUNIBE (Antropologia-Arkeologia)} 57 1: 445\uc0\u8211{}456. Z.Bibliog. 167.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}The faunal remains from Dur-Katlimmu \uc0\u8211{} insights into the diet of the Assyrians.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Archaeozoology of the Near East VIII. Proceedings of the eighth international Symposium on the Archaeozoology of southwestern Asia and adjacent areas, Lyon, 28 June\uc0\u8211{}1 July 2006}, 49:561\uc0\u8211{}580. Travaux de la Maison de l\uc0\u8216{}Orient et de la M\uc0\u233{}diterran\uc0\u233{}e. Z.Bibliog. 191.\
Becking, B. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}West Semites at Tell \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad: Evidence for the Israelite Exile?\uc0\u8221{} . Ed. Ulrich H\uc0\u252{}bner and Ernst Axel Knauf{\i{}Kein Land f\uc0\u252{}r sich allein. Studien zum Kulturkontakt in Kanaan, Israel/Pal\uc0\u228{}stina und Ebirn\uc0\u226{}ri f\uc0\u252{}r Manfred Weippert zum 65. Geburtstag} 186: 153\uc0\u8211{}166. Z.Bibliog. 152.\
Beckman, G. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Texts from the vicinity of Emar in the collection of Jonathan Rosen.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}History of the Ancient Near East / Monographs -} II,. Z.Bibliog. 229.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}D\uc0\u252{}r-Katlimmu 2008 and Beyond. Edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne. Studia Chaburensia, vol. 1. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz Verlag, 2010. Pp. xi + 265, illus. \uc0\u8364{}54.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of the American Oriental Society} 131 4: 691. Z.Bibliog. 241.\
Bernbeck, R. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}Steppe als Kulturlandschaft. Das \uc0\u8216{}A\uc0\u287{}i\uc0\u287{}- Gebiet vom Neolithikum bis zur islamischen Zeit. Mit Beitr\uc0\u228{}gen von P. Pf\uc0\u228{}lzner.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Berliner Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zum Vorderen Orient} Ausgrabungen l. Z.Bibliog. 72.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}An Empire and its Sherds.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Iron Age Pottery in Northern Mesopotamia, Northern Syria and South-Eastern Anatolia. Papers presented at the meetings of the international \uc0\u8222{}table ronde\uc0\u8220{} at Heidelberg (1995) and Niebor\uc0\u243{}w (1997) and other conrtributions}, edited by Arnulf Hausleiter and Andrzej Reiche, 10:151\uc0\u8211{}172. Altertumskunde des Vorderen Orients. Z.Bibliog. 222.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Sex/Gender/Power and \uc0\u352{}ammuramat: A View from the Syrian Steppe.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Fundstellen, Gesammelte Schriften zur Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie und Geschichte Altvorderasiens ad honorem Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne}, edited by Dominik Bonatz, Rainer Maria Czichon, and Florian Janoscha Kreppner, 351\uc0\u8211{}369. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 224.\
Bernbeck, R., H. K\uc0\u252{}hne, A. Mahmoud, P. Pf\uc0\u228{}lzner, and W. R\uc0\u246{}llig. 1988. \uc0\u8220{}Die Ausgrabung auf dem Tall \uc0\u8216{}A\uc0\u287{}\uc0\u257{}\uc0\u287{}a / \uc0\u352{}adikanni 1982.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Damaszener Mitteilungen} 3: 141\uc0\u8211{}184. Z.Bibliog. 52.\
Bloch, Y. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}The Order of Eponyms in the Reign of Shalmaneser I.\uc0\u8221{} . Ed. Manfried Dietrich and Oswald Loretz{\i{}Ugarit Forschungen} 40: 143\uc0\u8211{}178. Z.Bibliog. 338.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}The Order of Eponyms in the Reign of Tukult\uc0\u299{}-Ninurta I.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalia} 79: 1\uc0\u8211{}35. Z.Bibliog. 332.\
Bonatz, D., H. K\uc0\u252{}hne, and A. Mahmoud. 1998. {\i{}Rivers and Steppes. Cultural Heritage and Environment of the Syrian Jezireh, Catalogue to the Museum of Deir ez-Zor}. Damascus. Z.Bibliog. 147.\
Brinkman, J.A. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonian Influence in the \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad Texts dated under Nebuchadnezzar II.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}State Archives of Assyria Bulletin} 7: 133\uc0\u8211{}138. Z.Bibliog. 70.\
Brown, B. 2013. \uc0\u8220{}The Structure and Decline of the Middle Assyrian State: The Role of Autonomous and Nonstate Actors.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 65: 97\uc0\u8211{}126. Z.Bibliog. 294.\
Butterlin, P. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne (\uc0\u233{}d.), Umwelt und Subsistem der assyrischen Stadt Dur-Katlimmu am unteren Habur ( Berichte der Ausgrabung Teil Seh Hammad/Dur-Katlimmu , 8), Harrassowitz, Wiesbaden, 2008, xxx + 261 p., 202 ill., 76 tabi., ISBN\uc0\u8239{}: 978-3-447-05700-4. Wolfgang K\uc0\u246{}llig, Land - und Viehwirtschaft am unteren Habur in mittelaassyrischer Zeit ( Berichte der Ausgrabung Teil Seh Hammad/Dur-Katlimmu , 9), Harrassowitz, Wiesbaden, 2008, xlv + 221 p., 106 ill., 18 tabi., 15 pl., ISBN\uc0\u8239{}: 978-3-447-05719-6.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Syria} 87: 377\uc0\u8211{}381. Z.Bibliog. 210.\
Butzer, K.W. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, Die rezente Umwelt von Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad und Daten zur Umweltrekonstruktion der assyrischen Stadt D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Berlin, Dietrich Reimer Verlag, 1991 (35 cm, 194 pp.) = Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall Seh Hamad/Dur-Katlimmu (Batsh), I. ISBN 3 496 00499 1. DM 188.-.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalis} 51 1: 160\uc0\u8211{}162. Z.Bibliog. 119.\
Cancik-Kirschbaum, E. 1996a. {\i{}Die Mittelassyrischen Briefe aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 4, Texte 1. Berlin: Dietrich Reimer Verlag. Z.Bibliog. 77.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1996b. \uc0\u8220{}Addenda und Corrigenda zu BATSH 4 (2).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1996 3: 67\uc0\u8211{}68. Z.Bibliog. 157.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}Maul,   Stefan  M.:  Die  Inschriften  von  Tall  Bderi.  Berlin:   Dietrich   Reimer  Verlag  1992.  77  S.  u.  8 Taf.  4\uc0\u176{}  =  Die  Ausgrabung  von  Tall  Bderi,  Bd.  1.  Berliner  Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge  zum  Vorderen  Orient.  Texte,  hrsg.  von    V.  Haas,    H.  K\uc0\u252{}hne,    H. J.    Nissen    und    J.  Renger,    2.  Kart.  DM  68,-.  -  Bespr.  von  Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum,   Berlin.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalistische Literaturzeitung} 92 4\uc0\u8211{}5: 496\uc0\u8211{}502. Z.Bibliog. 158.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Organisation und Verwaltung von Grenzgebieten in Mittelassyrischer Zeit: Die Westgrenze.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Landscapes, Territories, Frontiers and Horizons in the Ancient Near East. Papers presented to the XLIV Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale, Venezia, 7\uc0\u8211{}11 July 1997}, edited by Lucio Milano, Stefano Martino, Frederick Mario Fales, and Giovanni B. Lanfranchi, 2:5\uc0\u8211{}8. History of the Ancient Near East / Monographs. Z.Bibliog. 159.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Emar aus der Perspektive Assurs im 13. Jh. v.Chr.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The City of Emar among the Late Bronze Age Empires: History, Landscape, and Society, Proceedings of the Konstanz Emar Conference, 25.-26.04.2006}, edited by Lorenzo Adolfonso, Yoram Cohen, and Dietrich S\uc0\u252{}renhagen, 91\uc0\u8211{}99. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit. Z.Bibliog. 287.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2009. \uc0\u8220{}Ortsnamenreihungen als Quellen zur historischen Geographie: Der Westen des mittelassyrischen Reiches unter Tukult\uc0\u299{}-Ninurta I.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Entre les fleuves -I. Untersuchungen zur historischen Geographie Obermesopotamiens im 2. Jahrtausend v. Chr}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum and Nele Ziegler, 20:121\uc0\u8211{}150. Berliner Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zum Vorderen Orient. Gladbeck: PEWE. Z.Bibliog. 213.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2013. \uc0\u8220{}The Middle Assyrian Domination of North-East Syria: Written Sources.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Archeologie et Historie de la Syrie I. Schriften zur Vorderasiatischen Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie.}, edited by Winfried Orthmann and Jan-Waalke Meyer, 449\uc0\u8211{}459. Z.Bibliog. 295.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2014. \uc0\u8220{}URU\uc0\u352{}\uc0\u192{}.URU, m\uc0\u257{}t DA\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u353{}ur und die Binnenstruktur des mittelassyrischen Reiches.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Entre les fleuves \uc0\u8211{} II D\uc0\u8217{}A\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u353{}ur \uc0\u224{} Mari et au-del\uc0\u224{}}, edited by Nele Ziegler and Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, 24:291\uc0\u8211{}314. Berliner Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zum Vorderen Orient. Z.Bibliog. 271.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2018a. \uc0\u8220{}Some Observations on the Systemics of Administrative Records in Middle Assyrian D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}State Archives of Assyria Bulletin} 24: 1\uc0\u8211{}36. Z.Bibliog. 316.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2018b. \uc0\u8220{}Untersuchungen zur Toponymie Nordmesopotamiens im zweiten Jahrtausend v. Chr. 2. Von G\uc0\u246{}ttern und Menschen.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Grenz\uc0\u252{}berschreitung Studien zur Kulturgeschichte des Alten Orients Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Hans Neumann zum 65. Geburtstag am 9. Mail 2018}, edited by Kristin Kleber, Georg Neumann, Susanne Paulus, and Christin M\uc0\u246{}llenbeck, 5:79\uc0\u8211{}98. dubsar Altorientalistische Publikationen Publications on the Ancient Near East. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Zaphon. Z.Bibliog. 317.\
Cancik-Kirschbaum, E., and H. Freydank. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Addenda und Corrigenda zu BATSH 4 (1).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1996 3: 65\uc0\u8211{}67. Z.Bibliog. 156.\
Cancik-Kirschbaum, E., and C.W. Hess. 2016. {\i{}Toponyme der Mittelassyrischen Texte: Der Westen des Mittelassyrischen Reiches. Materialien zu Toponymie und Topographie I, Obermesopotamien im 2. Jt. v. Chr}. Antony. Z.Bibliog. 286.\
Cancik-Kirschbaum, E., and J.C. Johnson. 2011\uc0\u8211{}2012. \uc0\u8220{}Middle Assyrian Calendrics.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}State Archives of Assyria Bulletin} 19: 87\uc0\u8211{}157. Z.Bibliog. 290.\
Cellerino, A. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}Peter Pf\uc0\u228{}lzner, \uc0\u8216{}Mitannische und mittelassyrische Keramik\uc0\u8217{}, Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu, hrg. von Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, As\uc0\u8217{}ad Mahmoud, Wolfgang R\uc0\u246{}llig, Band 3, Berlin, D. Reimer Verlag, 1995, 1 vol. di testo, pp. XXXIX + 276 con 163 figure; 1 vol. di tavole, pp. X, tavv. 176 - ISBN 3-496-02505-0.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mesopotamia} 32: 334\uc0\u8211{}336. Z.Bibliog. 136.\
Chambon, G., and F.J. Kreppner. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Hohlma\uc0\u223{}systeme und deren \uc0\u8222{}Standardisierung\uc0\u8220{} in Assyrien und Volumina von Gef\uc0\u228{}\uc0\u223{}keramik aus D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 2008 and Beyond}, edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, 1:11\uc0\u8211{}32. Studia Chaburensia. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 196.\
Cranston, P.S. 1989. \uc0\u8220{}New Species of Chironominae (Diptera: Chironomidae) from Saudi Arabia and the Adjacent Middle East.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Fauna of Saudi Arabia} 10: 225\uc0\u8211{}235. Z.Bibliog. 58.\
De Ridder, J.J. 2016. \uc0\u8220{}Salah, S. \uc0\u8212{} Die mittelassyrischen Personen- und Rationenlisten aus all \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. (Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu, 18 Texte 6). Verlag Otto Harrassowitz, Wiesbaden, 2014. (35 cm, LXXIV, 454). ISBN 978-3-447-10243-8. \uc0\u8364{} 118,-.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalis} 73 1: 122\uc0\u8211{}126. doi:https://doi.org/10.2143/BIOR.73.1.3157124. Z.Bibliog. 261.\
Deller, K., and A. Tsukimoto. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Ein mittelassyrisches Protokoll \uc0\u252{}ber eine Rinder- und Eselmusterung.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Baghdader Mitteilungen} 16: 317\uc0\u8211{}326. Z.Bibliog. 164.\
Dornauer, A. 2013. \uc0\u8220{}Herv\uc0\u233{} Reculeau, Climate, environment and agriculture in Assyria in the 2nd half of the 2nd millennium BCE. (Studia Chaburensia 2). Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz, 2011. 290 S. mit 39 Abb., 42 Tab., 1 Karte. 24 \uc0\u215{} 17 cm. ISBN: 978-3-447-06630-3. Preis: \uc0\u8364{} 74,00.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie und Vorderasiatische Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie} 103 2: 237\uc0\u8211{}265. doi:https://www.doi.org/10.1515/za-2013-0015. Z.Bibliog. 340.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2016. {\i{}Assyrische Nutzlandschaft in Obermesopotamien Nat\uc0\u252{}rliche und anthropogene Wirkfaktoren und ihre Auswirkungen}. Vol. {\i{}12}. M\uc0\u252{}nchner Studien zur Alten Welt. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Herbert Utz Verlag. Z.Bibliog. 339.\
Downey, S.B. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}(no. 367) Statuetta di Eracle.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}L\uc0\u8216{}Eufrate e il tempo, Le civilt\uc0\u224{} del medio Eufrate e della Gezira siriana}, edited by Olivier Rouault and Maria Grazia Masetti-Rouault, 375:470\uc0\u8211{}471. Milano: Mondadori Electa. Z.Bibliog. 146.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Heracles in the Djezireh: Dura-Europos, Tell Sheikh Hamad and Hatra.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Syrian Jezira. Cultural Heritage and Interpretations, Proceedings of the International conference held in Deir ez-Zor april 22nd\uc0\u8211{}25th, 1996}, edited by Michel Al-Maqdissi, Maamoun Abdul Karim, A. Al-Azm, and M.Dib Al-Khour, I,:271\uc0\u8211{}276. Z.Bibliog. 236.\
Duistermaat, K. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Pf\uc0\u228{}lzner, Peter - Mitannische und Mittelassyrische Keramik. Eine chronologische, funktionale und produktions\uc0\u246{}konomische Analyse. 2 Vols. Dietrich Reimer Verlag, Berlin, 1995. (35 cm, Vol. Text: XXXIX, 276; Vol. Tafeln: X, 196 Tafeln). ISBN 3-496-02505-0. DM 351,-.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalis} 56: 439\uc0\u8211{}446. Z.Bibliog. 138.\
Durand, J.-M. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Dur Katlim(m)u / \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{}-\uc0\u7716{}amad, how and why?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 2008 and Beyond}, edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, 1:49\uc0\u8211{}66. Studia Chaburensia. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 197.\
Edzard, D.-O. 1992. \uc0\u8220{}K\uc0\u252{}hne, Hartmut (Herausgeber): Die rezente Umwelt von Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad und Daten zur Umweltrekonstruktion der assyrischen Stadt D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Mit Beitragen von C. Becker, S. Bottema, P. J. Ergenzinger, W. Frey, W. H. E. Gremmen, H. Hopfinger, Chr. Jagiella, F. Krupp, H. K\uc0\u252{}hne, H. K\uc0\u252{}rschner, D. S. Reese, W. Schneider (= Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/ D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu [BATSH], hsg. von H. K\uc0\u252{}hne, Asa\uc0\u8217{}d Mahmoud, W. Rollig, Band 1). Dietrich Reimer Verlag, Berlin 1991. 193 S., 6 Karten in lnnentasche. 25 x 34,8 em. Preis: DM 188.-.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie und Vorderasiatische Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie} 82: 297\uc0\u8211{}298. Z.Bibliog. 102.\
Engel, T. 1995. \uc0\u8220{}Holzkohlen aus dem Vorderen Orient: Jahrtausendealte Reste einstiger W\uc0\u228{}lder.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Das Altertum} 40: 311\uc0\u8211{}320. Z.Bibliog. 80.\
Ergenzinger, P.J. 1987. \uc0\u8220{}Big Hydraulic Structures in Ancient Mesopotamia in North-East Syria.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Die Erde} 118: 33\uc0\u8211{}36. Z.Bibliog. 34.\
Ergenzinger, P.J., W. Frey, H. K\uc0\u252{}hne, and H. K\uc0\u252{}rschner. 1988. \uc0\u8220{}The Reconstruction of Environment, Irrigation and Development of Settlement on the \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r in North-East Syria.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Conceptual Issues in Environmental Archaeology}, edited by John L. Bintliff, Donald A. Davidson, and Eric G. Grant, 108\uc0\u8211{}128. Edinburgh University Press. Z.Bibliog. 27.\
Faist, B., and J. Llop. 2012. \uc0\u8220{}The Assyrian Royal Granary (karmu).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Perfumes of Seven Tamarisks - Studies in Honour of Wilfred G.E. Watson}, edited by Manfried Dietrich, Oswald Loretz, and Hans Neumann, 394:19\uc0\u8211{}35. Alter Orient und Altes Testament. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit. Z.Bibliog. 291.\
Fales, F.M. 1989a. \uc0\u8220{}A Middle Assyrian text concerning vineyards and fruit groves.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}State Archives of Assyria Bulletin} III,: 53\uc0\u8211{}59. Z.Bibliog. 169.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989b. {\i{}Prima dell\uc0\u8217{}alfabeto: la storia della scrittura attraverso testi cuneiformi inediti}. Vol. {\i{}4}. Studi e documenti. Erizzo. Z.Bibliog. 231.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}West Semitic Names in the \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad Texts.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}State Archives of Assyria Bulletin} 7: 139\uc0\u8211{}150. Z.Bibliog. 71.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Production and Consumption at D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu: A Survey of the Evidence.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 2008 and Beyond}, edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, 1:67\uc0\u8211{}85. Studia Chaburensia. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 198.\
Frahm, E. 2015a. \uc0\u8220{}Some Notes on a Neo-Assyrian Stele from Tell \uc0\u352{}ai\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad (D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2: 82\uc0\u8211{}83. Z.Bibliog. 299.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2015b. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}Whoever Destroys this Image\uc0\u8217{}: A Neo-Assyrian Statue from Tell \uc0\u703{}A\uc0\u487{}\uc0\u257{}\uc0\u487{}a (\uc0\u352{}adikanni).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2: 77\uc0\u8211{}82. Z.Bibliog. 300.\
Freydank, H. 2003. \uc0\u8220{}Anmerkungen zu mittelassyrischen Texten. 4.\uc0\u8221{} . Ed. Volkert Haas{\i{}Altorientalische Forschungen} 30: 244\uc0\u8211{}255. Z.Bibliog. 178.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Zu den Eponymenfolgen des 13. Jahrhunderts v. Chr. in D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Alt\uc0\u173{}orientalische Forschungen} 32: 45\uc0\u8211{}56. Z.Bibliog. 179.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Betrachtungen zur Weidewirtschaft in D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 2008 and Beyond}, edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, 1:87\uc0\u8211{}100. Studia Chaburensia. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 199.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2016. {\i{}Assyrische Jahresbeamte des 12. Jh. v.Chr. Eponymen von Tukult\uc0\u299{}-Ninurta I. bis Tukult\uc0\u299{}-apil-e\uc0\u353{}arra I.} Vol. {\i{}429}. Alter Orient und Altes Testament. M\uc0\u252{}nster. Z.Bibliog. 303.\
F\uc0\u252{}gert, A. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Ein Pazuzu-Kopf und ein Tonverschluss mit Abdr\uc0\u252{}cken eines Pazuzu-Kopfes aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 2008 and Beyond}, edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, 1:101\uc0\u8211{}106. Studia Chaburensia. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 200.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2015. {\i{}Die Neuassyrische und Sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonische Glyptik aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 16. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 256.\
F\uc0\u252{}gert, A., F.J. Kreppner, H. K\uc0\u252{}hne, and J. Rohde. 2014. \uc0\u8220{}Early Neo-Assyrian D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 8th International Congress on the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East. 30 April\uc0\u8211{}4 May 2012, University of Warsaw, Warsaw}, 1:217\uc0\u8211{}239. Wiesbaden. Z.Bibliog. 252.\
F\uc0\u252{}gert, A., and J. Rohde. 2018. \uc0\u8220{}Schriftobjekte, ihre Siegelungen, ihre Beischriften und ihre Kontexte in Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Keilschriftartefakte Untersuchungen zur Materialit\uc0\u228{}t von Keilschriftdokumenten}, edited by Dominik Bonatz, Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, and J\uc0\u246{}rg Klinger, 26:95\uc0\u8211{}143. Berliner Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zum Vorderen Orient. Gladbeck: PEWE. Z.Bibliog. 318.\
Gaspa, S. 2016. \uc0\u8220{}Saqer Salah: Die mittelassyrischen Personen- und Rationenlisten aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. (Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 18 = Texte 6). Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz, 2014. LXXIV, 460 S. 34,5 \uc0\u215{} 24,0 cm. ISBN 978-3-447-10243-8. Preis: \uc0\u8364{} 118.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie und Vorderasiatische Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie} 106 1: 112. doi:https://doi.org/10.1515/za-2016-0010. Z.Bibliog. 304.\
Gaube, H. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}Mittelalterliche M\uc0\u252{}nz- und Keramikfunde aus dem Unteren \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r-Tal (Nordsyrien). Versuch einer siedlungsgeschichtlichen Deutung.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Litterae Numismaticae Vindobonenses, Roberto Goebl dedicatae}, edited by Numismatische Kommission der \uc0\u214{}sterreichischen Akademie der Wissenschaften und Institut f\uc0\u252{}r Numismatik der Universit\uc0\u228{}t Wien, 169\uc0\u8211{}184. Z.Bibliog. 5a.\
Geyer, B. 1992. \uc0\u8220{}Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne (\uc0\u233{}d.). - 1991. Die rezente Umwelt von Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad und Daten zur Umweltrekonstruktion der assyrischen Stadt D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu, herausgegeben von Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, mit Beitr\uc0\u228{}gen von\uc0\u8239{}: C. Becker, S. Bottema, P.J. Ergenzinger, W. Frey, W.H.E. Gremmen, H. Hopfinger, C. Jagiella, F. Krupp, H. K\uc0\u252{}hne, H. K\uc0\u252{}rschner, D.S. Reese, W. Schneider. Berlin\uc0\u8239{}: Dietrich Reimer Verlag, 193 p. Par B. Geyer.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Pal\uc0\u233{}orient} 18: 152\uc0\u8211{}156. Z.Bibliog. 101.\
Graichen, G. 1998. {\i{}W\uc0\u252{}stenzauber. Schliemanns Erben und die Botschaft der versunkenen St\uc0\u228{}dte}. 1st ed. Hamburg: Hoffmann und Kampe Verlag. Z.Bibliog. 130.\
Hackl, J. 2016. \uc0\u8220{}R\uc0\u246{}llig, W. \uc0\u8212{} Die aram\uc0\u228{}ischen Texte aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/ D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu/Magdalu. (Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu, 17 Texte 5). Verlag Otto Harrassowitz, Wiesbaden, 2014. (35 cm, LXIV, 286). ISBN 978-3-447-10205-6. \uc0\u8364{} 84,-.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalis} 73 1\uc0\u8211{}2: 166\uc0\u8211{}172. doi:https://doi.org/10.2143/BIOR.73.1.3157127. Z.Bibliog. 262.\
Hausleiter, A. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Morandi Bernacossi, Daniele: Tra  il fiume e la steppa. Insediamento e uso  del  territorionella  bassa  valle  del  fiume  Habur  in  epoca  neo-assira,  History  of  the  Ancient  NearEast/Monographs I,  Padova:  Sargon  s.r.L,   1996,  xvi + 295S.  Text,   1 Tafelband. Lit.  90.000,-.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie und Vorderasiatische Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie} 88 1: 152\uc0\u8211{}157. doi:https://doi.org/10.1515/zava.1998.88.1.146. Z.Bibliog. 124.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Kal\uc0\u7723{}u und D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Zur Herkunft neuassyrischer Relieffragmente aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Munuscula Mesopotamica. Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r J. Renger}, edited by Barbara B\uc0\u246{}ck, Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, and Thomas Richter, 267:201\uc0\u8211{}216. Alter Orient und Altes Testament. Ugarit. Z.Bibliog. 137.\
Heltzer, M. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}Some Remarks Concerning the Neobabylonian Tablets from \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}State Archives of Assyria Bulletin} VIII 2: 113\uc0\u8211{}116. Z.Bibliog. 106.\
Hopfinger, H. 1984. \uc0\u8220{}Ein neues Staudamm- und Bew\uc0\u228{}sserungsgro\uc0\u223{}projekt am nordostsyrischen Khabour: Grundz\uc0\u252{}ge und Probleme seiner Planung.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Geographische Zeitschrift} 72: 189\uc0\u8211{}195. Z.Bibliog. 20.\
Hornig, H. 2010. {\i{}Der parthisch-r\uc0\u246{}mische Friedhof von Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / Magdala, Teil II: Die anthropologische Evidenz. Mit Beitr\uc0\u228{}gen von B. Jungklaus}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 13\uc0\u8211{}1. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 208.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2012. \uc0\u8220{}Magdala \uc0\u8211{} Leben und Sterben in einer parthischen Stadt.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie in Deutschland} 2012 3: 12\uc0\u8211{}16. Z.Bibliog. 232.\
Hornig, H., M. Schultz, and C. Niemitz. 2006. \uc0\u8220{}Pal\uc0\u228{}odemographische Aspekte des parthisch/r\uc0\u246{}mischen Gr\uc0\u228{}berfeldes von Tell Schech Hamad (Nordost-Syrien).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Beihefte zu den Mitteilungen der Berliner Gesellschaft f\uc0\u252{}r Anthropologie, Ethnologie und Urgeschichte} 1: 99\uc0\u8211{}104. Z.Bibliog. 193.\
Hunt, A.M.W., and J.H. Sterba. 2013. May 21. \uc0\u8220{}Chemical Composition by Neutron Activation Analysis (INAA) of Neo-Assyrian Palace Ware from Iraq, Syria and Israel.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Open Archaeology Data} 2 (May 21). doi:http://doi.org/10.5334/joad.aa. Z.Bibliog. 296.\
Huot, J.-L. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, \uc0\u233{}d., avec les contributions de C. BECKER, S. Bottema, P.J. Ergenzinger, W. Frey, W.H.E. Gremmen, H. Hopfinger, Ch. Jagiella, F. Krupp, H. K\uc0\u252{}hne, H. K\uc0\u252{}rschner, D.S. Reese, W. Schneider, Die rezente Umwelt von Tall lih Hamad und Daten zur Umweltrekonstruktion der assyrischen Stadt Dur-Katlimmu, (Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall Seh Hamad/ Diir Katlimmu [BATSH] Bd. 1), Dietrich Reimer Verlag, Berlin, 1991. Un volume de 25 x 35 cm, relie toile, 193 pages (+ index), 143 figures ds t., 6 planches sous rabat. ISBN 3-496-00499-1. Prix 188 DM.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Syria} 70 3: 582\uc0\u8211{}583. Z.Bibliog. 118.\
Hutterer, R., and D. Kock. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Recent and Ancient Records of Shrews from Syria, with Notes on Crocidura katinka Bate, 1937 (Mammalia: Soricidae).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bonner zoologische Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge} 50: 249\uc0\u8211{}258. Z.Bibliog. 148.\
Kalkbrenner, G. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Die Umwelt kaputtgenutzt.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Focus} 2 5: 112\uc0\u8211{}113. Z.Bibliog. 131.\
Kertai, D. 2016. \uc0\u8220{}Kreppner, F.J., und Schmid, J.\uc0\u8212{} Die Stratigraphie und Architektur des \uc0\u8222{}Roten Hauses\uc0\u8220{} von Tall \uc0\u352{}e\uc0\u7830{} Hamad/Dur-Katlimmu. Mit Beitr\uc0\u228{}gen von Jens Rohde und einer Abhandlung \uc0\u252{}ber die Holzkohlefunde von Rainer Gerisch. (Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{} e\uc0\u7723{} Hamad/ Dur-Katlimmu, 11). Verlag Otto Harrassowitz, Wiesbaden, 2013. (35 cm, LXXXIV, 489 + 35 Tabellen, 59 Karten). ISBN 978-3-447-10058-8. \uc0\u8364{} 198,00.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalis} 73 1\uc0\u8211{}2: 228\uc0\u8211{}234. doi:https://doi.org/10.2143/BIOR.73.1.3157133. Z.Bibliog. 263.\
Kessler, K. 1980. {\i{}Untersuchungen zur historischen Topographie Nordmesopotamiens nach keilschriftlichen Quellen des 1. Jahrtausend v. Chr.} Beihefte zum T\uc0\u252{}binger Atlas des Vorderen Orients B 26. Wiesbaden: Dr. Ludwig Reichert. Z.Bibliog. 333.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}Royal Roads\uc0\u8217{} and other Questions of the Neo-Assyrian Communication System.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assyria 1995 Proceedings of the 10th Anniversary Symposium of the Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project Helsinki, September 7-11, 1995}, edited by Simo Parpola and Robert M. Whiting, 129\uc0\u8211{}136. Vammalan Kirjapaino Oy. Z.Bibliog. 334.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003. \uc0\u8220{}Qura\uc0\u353{}ute und Xenophon Korsot\uc0\u275{}.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1. Z.Bibliog. 166.\
Klengel-Brandt, E. 2017. \uc0\u8220{}F\uc0\u252{}gert, Anja, Die neuassyrische und sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonische Glyptik von Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad. Teil 1: Text und Konkordanzen. Teil 2: Katalog und Tafeln. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz 2015. LXXXVIII, 815 S. m. Abb. 4\uc0\u176{} = Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu (BATSH) 16. Hartbd. \uc0\u8364{} 198,00. ISBN 979-3-447-10285-8. Besprochen von Evelyn Klengel-Brandt: Berlin / Deutschland, E-Mail: evelyn.klengel@gmx.de.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalistische Literaturzeitung} 112: 491\uc0\u8211{}495. doi:https://doi.org/10.1515/olzg-2017-0158. Z.Bibliog. 309.\
Klinkenberg, V. 2016. {\i{}Reading Rubbish Using Object Assemblages to Reconstruct Activities, Modes of Deposition and Abandonment at the Late Bronze Age Dunnu of Tell Sabi Abyad, Syria. Consolidating Empire Project 2.} PIHANS 129. Leiden: Peeters Publishers. Z.Bibliog. 336.\
Kock, D. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}The Gerbils and Jirds of Syria (Mammalia: Rodentia: Muridae: Gerbillinae).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Senckenbergiana biologica} 77: 117\uc0\u8211{}122. Z.Bibliog. 110.\
Kock, D., F. Krupp, S. Martens, and W. Schneider. in Vorbereitung. {\i{}The Fauna of the Khabour-Area}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Z.Bibliog. 108.\
Kock, D., F. Krupp, and W. Schneider. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}Einige S\uc0\u228{}ugetiere aus dem Nahr al-Khabur-Gebiet, NE-Syrien.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}S\uc0\u228{}ugetierkundliche Mitteilungen} 35 4: 177\uc0\u8211{}183. Z.Bibliog. 32.\
Kose, A. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Unterbodenkonstruktionen zur Trockenhaltung von Speicherr\uc0\u228{}umen in sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonischen Archiv- und Magazinbauten des Eanna zu Uruk im Vergleich zum mittelassyrischen Geb\uc0\u228{}ude P von Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Fundstellen, Gesammelte Schriften zur Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie und Geschichte Altvorderasiens ad honorem Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne}, edited by Dominik Bonatz, Rainer Maria Czichon, and Florian Janoscha Kreppner, 197\uc0\u8211{}206. Z.Bibliog. 183.\
Kose, A., H. K\uc0\u252{}hne, and J. Rohde. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}The Khabour Valley.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}A\uc0\u7789{}las. A\uc0\u7791{}\uc0\u257{}r S\uc0\u363{}riy\uc0\u257{} min al-fa\uc0\u7693{}\uc0\u257{}\uc0\u8217{} (arab. Titel) = Syria. Archaeology from Space (Atlas)}, edited by Mohamad Rukieh and Lothar Beckel, 76\uc0\u8211{}77. General Organization of Remote Sensing, Damaskus. Z.Bibliog. 153.\
Kramberger, H. 2016. {\i{}Die Pfeilspitzen aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad. Mit einem Katalog zusammengestellt von Jens Rohde}. Vol. {\i{}22}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 275.\
Kreppner, F.J. 2006. {\i{}Die Keramik des \uc0\u8222{}Roten Hauses\uc0\u8220{} von Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Eine Betrachtung der Keramik Nordmesopotamiens aus der zweiten H\uc0\u228{}lfte des 7. und aus dem 6. Jahrhundert v. Chr. Mit Beitr\uc0\u228{}gen von M. Daszkiewicz, E. Bobryk und G. Schneider.} Vol. {\i{}7}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 172.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}The Continuity of Ceramic Production after the Fall of the Neo-Assyrian Empire. New Data from the Red House of Tell Sheikh Hamad.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 4th International Congress on the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East, 29 March\uc0\u8211{}3 April 2004, Berlin, Germany, VOLUME 2, Social and Cultural Transformation: The Archaeology of Transitional Periods and Dark Ages, Archaeological Field Reports (Excavations, Surveys, Conservation)}, edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, Rainer Maria Czichon, and Florian Janoscha Kreppner, 167\uc0\u8211{}178. Wiesbaden. Z.Bibliog. 181.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Eine au\uc0\u223{}ergew\uc0\u246{}hnliche Brandbestattungssitte in D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu w\uc0\u228{}hrend der ersten H\uc0\u228{}lfte des ersten Jt. v. Chr.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Fundstellen, Gesammelte Schriften zur Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie und Geschichte Altvorderasiens ad honorem Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne}, edited by Dominik Bonatz, Rainer Maria Czichon, and Florian Janoscha Kreppner, 263\uc0\u8211{}276. Z.Bibliog. 186.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}The Collapse of the Assyrian Empire and the Continuity of Ceramic Culture: The Case of the Red House at Tell Sheikh Hamad.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}A Re-Assessment of Iron Ages Chronology in Anatolia and Neighbouring Regions. Proceedings of a Symposium held at Ege University, Izmir, Turkey, 25\uc0\u8211{}27 May 2005}, edited by Antonio Sagona, 45:147\uc0\u8211{}165. Ancient Near Eastern Studies. Peeters Louvain. doi:10.2143. Z.Bibliog. 187.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2012. \uc0\u8220{}Site formation processes in the Lower Town II of Dur-Katlimmu. The case of the Red House.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 7th International Congress on the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East, 12\uc0\u8211{}16 April 2010, the British Museum and UCL, London}, edited by R. Matthews and J. Curtis, 1:217\uc0\u8211{}228. Wiesbaden. Z.Bibliog. 238.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2014. \uc0\u8220{}The New Primary Cremation Custom of Iron Age Tell Sheikh Hamad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu (North-Eastern Syria).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Contextualising Grave Inventories in the Ancient Near East: Proceedings of a workshop at the London 7th ICAANE in April 2010 and an International Symposium in T\uc0\u252{}bingen in November 2010, both organised by the T\uc0\u252{}bingen post-graduate school \uc0\u8220{}Symbols of the Dead,\uc0\u8221{}} edited by Peter Pf\uc0\u228{}lzner, 3:171\uc0\u8211{}186. Qa\uc0\u7789{}na Studien Supplementa. \uc0\u220{}bergreifend und vergleichende Forschungsaktivit\uc0\u228{}ten des Qa\uc0\u7789{}na-Projekts der Universit\uc0\u228{}t T\uc0\u252{}bingen. Wiesbaden. Z.Bibliog. 272.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2015. \uc0\u8220{}Ceramic Consumption and Social Context at Middle and Neo-Assyrian Dur-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Plain Pottery Traditions of the Eastern Mediterranean and Near East, Production, Use, and Social Significance}, edited by Claudia Glatz, 215\uc0\u8211{}236. Walnut Creek. Z.Bibliog. 273.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2016. \uc0\u8220{}The Aftermath of the Assyrian Empire as seen from the \uc0\u8216{}Red House Operation\uc0\u8217{} in Tell Sheikh Hamad (ancient Dur-Katlimmu).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Provincial Archaeology of the Assyrian Empire}, edited by John MacGinnis and Dirk Wicke, 177\uc0\u8211{}187. Cambridge. Z.Bibliog. 274.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2019. \uc0\u8220{}Neuassyrische palatiale Architektur urbaner Eliten: Das Rote Haus von Dur-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Der Palast im antiken und islamischen Orient}, edited by Dirk Wicke, 9:91\uc0\u8211{}108. Colloquien der Deutschen Orient Gesellschaft. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 323.\
Kreppner, F.J., and H. Hornig. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}A Neo-Assyrian Chamber Tomb in D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 2008 and Beyond}, edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, 1:107\uc0\u8211{}114. Studia Chaburensia. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 201.\
Kreppner, F.J., and J. Schmid. 2013. {\i{}Stratigraphie und Architektur des\uc0\u8239{}\uc0\u187{}Roten Hauses\uc0\u171{}\uc0\u8239{}von Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Mit Beitr\uc0\u228{}gen von Jens Rohde und einer Abhandlung \uc0\u252{}ber die Holzkohlefunde von Rainer Gerisch}. Vol. {\i{}11}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Z.Bibliog. 249.\
Krupp, F. 1992. \uc0\u8220{}Die Karstquellen von Ras al-\uc0\u8216{}Ain \uc0\u8211{} Eine S\uc0\u252{}\uc0\u223{}wasserlebensgemeinschaft in der Steppe Mesopotamiens.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Aqua Geographia} l,: 26\uc0\u8211{}33. Z.Bibliog. 59.\
Krupp, F., W. Schneider, and D. Kock. In Vorbereitung. \uc0\u8220{}Zoologische Untersuchungen am \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Fauna of the Khabour-Area}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Z.Bibliog. 46.\
K\uc0\u252{}hne, H., ed. in Vorbereitung. {\i{}Die Zitadelle von D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu in mittel- und neuassyrischer Zeit}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Z.Bibliog. 54.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. in Vorbereitung. \uc0\u8220{}Tell Sheikh Hamad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 1993.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Chronique Arch\uc0\u233{}ologique en Syrie}. Z.Bibliog. 97.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. im Druck. \uc0\u8220{}Tell Sheikh Hamad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 1997.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Chronique Arch\uc0\u233{}ologique en Syrie}. Z.Bibliog. 126.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. in Vorbereitung. {\i{}Die arch\uc0\u228{}ologische Gel\uc0\u228{}ndebegehung am Unteren \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r, Teil 2: Die Auswertung}. Vol. {\i{}67}. Beihefte des T\uc0\u252{}binger Atlas des Vorderen Orients B. Z.Bibliog. 176.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1974\uc0\u8211{}1977. \uc0\u8220{}Zur historischen Geographie am Unteren \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r. Vorl\uc0\u228{}ufiger Bericht \uc0\u252{}ber eine arch\uc0\u228{}ologische Gel\uc0\u228{}ndebegehung.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 25: 249\uc0\u8211{}255. Z.Bibliog. 1.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1978a. \uc0\u8220{}Vorl\uc0\u228{}ufiger Bericht \uc0\u252{}ber die erste Grabungskampagne auf dem Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad am Unteren \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Akkadica} 10: 16\uc0\u8211{}23. Z.Bibliog. 2.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1978b. \uc0\u8220{}Survey in the Lower \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r Valley.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}American Schools of Oriental Research, Newsletter} 6: 10\uc0\u8211{}11. Z.Bibliog. 2a.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1978\uc0\u8211{}1979a. \uc0\u8220{}Zur historischen Geographie am Unteren \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r. Zweiter, vorl\uc0\u228{}ufiger Bericht \uc0\u252{}ber eine arch\uc0\u228{}ologische Gel\uc0\u228{}ndebegehung.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 26: 181\uc0\u8211{}195. Z.Bibliog. 4.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1978\uc0\u8211{}1979b. \uc0\u8220{}Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 26: 166\uc0\u8211{}168. Z.Bibliog. 5.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1980. \uc0\u8220{}Zur Rekonstruktion der Feldz\uc0\u252{}ge Adad-N\uc0\u299{}r\uc0\u257{}ri II., Tukult\uc0\u299{}-Ninurta II. und A\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u353{}ur-\uc0\u173{}na\uc0\u7779{}irpal II. im H\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r-Gebiet.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Baghdader Mitteilungen} 11: 44\uc0\u8211{}70. Z.Bibliog. 7.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1981\uc0\u8211{}1982. \uc0\u8220{}Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 28: 233\uc0\u8211{}235. Z.Bibliog. 8.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983a. \uc0\u8220{}Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu, die Wiederentdeckung einer mittelassyrischen Stadt.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Damaszener Mitteilungen} l,: 149\uc0\u8211{}163. Z.Bibliog. 9.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983b. \uc0\u8220{}Tall Mal\uc0\u7717{}at e\uc0\u7693{}-\uc0\u7692{}\uc0\u275{}ru \uc0\u8211{} Eine Station auf dem Weg nach Kappadokien?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zur Altertumskunde Klein\uc0\u173{}asiens, Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Kurt Bittel}, edited by Rainer Michael Boehmer and Harald Hauptmann, 299\uc0\u8211{}308. Z.Bibliog. 10.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983c. \uc0\u8220{}Umwelt und Technik vor 3500 Jahren aufgezeigt am Beispiel der assyrischen Stadt D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Brosch\uc0\u252{}re der Freien Universit\uc0\u228{}t Berlin f\uc0\u252{}r die Hannover-Messe}. Z.Bibliog. 11.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983d. \uc0\u8220{}Umwelt und Technik vor 3500 Jahren aufgezeigt am Beispiel der assyrischen Stadt D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu (arabische \uc0\u220{}bersetzung).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Brosch\uc0\u252{}re der Freien Universit\uc0\u228{}t Berlin f\uc0\u252{}r die Hannover-Messe 1983}. Z.Bibliog. 12.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983e. \uc0\u8220{}Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-katlimmu 1978\uc0\u8211{}1983.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Les Annales Arch\uc0\u233{}ologiques Arabes Syriennes} 33 1: 239\uc0\u8211{}248. Z.Bibliog. 13.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983f. \uc0\u8220{}Tell Sheikh Hamad \uc0\u8211{} D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu (1978\uc0\u8211{}1983).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Syria} 60: 283\uc0\u8211{}285. Z.Bibliog. 14.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1984a. \uc0\u8220{}Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-katlimmu 1981\uc0\u8211{}1983.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 31: 166\uc0\u8211{}170. Z.Bibliog. 17.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1984b. \uc0\u8220{}Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-katlimmu 1984.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 31: 170\uc0\u8211{}178. Z.Bibliog. 18.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1984c. \uc0\u8220{}Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu, the Assyrian Provincial Capital in the Mohafazat Deir Az-Zor.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the International Symposium on the History and Archaeology of the Region of Deir Az-Zor, October 2nd\uc0\u8211{}6th, 1983}, 34:160\uc0\u8211{}182. Les Annales Arch\uc0\u233{}ologiques Arabes Syriennes. Z.Bibliog. 21.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1986. \uc0\u8220{}Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Lettre d\uc0\u8216{}Information du Centre de Recherche Arch\uc0\u233{}ologique} 31: 47\uc0\u8211{}52. Z.Bibliog. 23.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1986\uc0\u8211{}1987a. \uc0\u8220{}Preliminary Report on the Excavation in Tell Schech Hamad / D\uc0\u363{}r-katlimmu in 1985.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Les Annales Arch\uc0\u233{}ologiques Arabes Syriennes} 36/37: 221\uc0\u8211{}241. Z.Bibliog. 26.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1986\uc0\u8211{}1987b. \uc0\u8220{}Preliminary Report on the Excavation at Tell Schech Hamad / D\uc0\u363{}r-katlimmu in 1986.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Les Annales Arch\uc0\u233{}ologiques Arabes Syriennes} 36/37: 242\uc0\u8211{}267. Z.Bibliog. 36.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1988. \uc0\u8220{}Report on the Excavation at Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 1988.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Les Annales Arch\uc0\u233{}ologiques Arabes Syriennes} 39 37/38: 142\uc0\u8211{}157. Z.Bibliog. 49.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989. \uc0\u8220{}Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-katlimmu 1985\uc0\u8211{}1987.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 36 37: 308\uc0\u8211{}323. Z.Bibliog. 42.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990a. \uc0\u8220{}Ein Bew\uc0\u228{}sserungssystem des Ersten Jahrtausends v. Chr. am Unteren \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r.\uc0\u8221{} . Ed. Bernard Geyer{\i{}Biblioth\uc0\u232{}que Arch\uc0\u233{}ologique et Historique} 136: 193\uc0\u8211{}215. Z.Bibliog. 38.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990b. \uc0\u8220{}Gedanken zur historischen und st\uc0\u228{}dtebaulichen Entwicklung der assyrischen Stadt D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Resurrecting the Past. A Joint Tribute to Adnan Bounni}, edited by Paolo Matthiae, Maurits N. Loon, and Harvey Weiss, 67:153\uc0\u8211{}169. Uitgaven van het Nederlands Historisch-Archaeologisch Instituut te Istanbul. Z.Bibliog. 45.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990c. \uc0\u8220{}The Effects of Irrigation Agriculture: Bronze and Iron Age Habitation along the Khabour, Eastern Syria.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Man\uc0\u8216{}s Role in the Shaping of the Eastern Mediterranean Landscape}, edited by Sytze Bottema, Gertie Entjes-Nieborg, and Willem Zeist, 15\uc0\u8211{}30. Z.Bibliog. 57.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 1991. {\i{}Die Rezente Umwelt von Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad und Daten zur Umweltrekonstruktion der assyrischen Stadt D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 1. Berlin. Z.Bibliog. 40.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993a. \uc0\u8220{}Gli Assiri nella Siria settentrionale, Tell Sheikh Hamad; (no. 365) Tavoletta cuneiforme; (no. 366) Statuetta del demone Pazuzu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}L\uc0\u8216{}Eufrate e il tempo, Le civilt\uc0\u224{} del medio Eufrate e della Gezira siriana}, edited by Olivier Rouault and Sala Arengo, 87\uc0\u8211{}89. Milano: Mondadori Electa. Z.Bibliog. 65.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993b. \uc0\u8220{}Vier sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonische Tontafeln aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad, Ost-Syrien.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}State Archives of Assyria Bulletin} 7: 75\uc0\u8211{}107. Z.Bibliog. 66.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993\uc0\u8211{}1994. \uc0\u8220{}Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-katlimmu 1988\uc0\u8211{}1990.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 40\uc0\u8211{}41: 267\uc0\u8211{}272. Z.Bibliog. 74.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}The Urbanization of the Assyrian Provinces.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Nuove fondazioni nel Vicino Oriente antico: realt\uc0\u224{} e ideologia}, edited by Stefania Mazzoni, 55\uc0\u8211{}84. Pisa. Z.Bibliog. 75.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1995a. \uc0\u8220{}The Assyrians on the Middle Euphrates and the \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Neo-Assyrian Geography}, edited by Mario Liverani, 5:69\uc0\u8211{}85. Quaderni di Geografia storica. Z.Bibliog. 79.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1995b. \uc0\u8220{}Der mittelassyrische \uc0\u8216{}Cut Style.\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie und Vorderasiatische Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie} 85: 277\uc0\u8211{}301. Z.Bibliog. 81.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1996a. \uc0\u8220{}The History of the Lower Habur-Region in the Light of the Excavation of Tell Sheikh Hamad/Dur-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the International Symposium on Syria and the Ancient Near East 3000\uc0\u8211{}300 B.C. (University of Aleppo, October 17th\uc0\u8211{}20th, 1992)}, edited by Farouk Ismail, 95\uc0\u8211{}123. Z.Bibliog. 85.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1996b. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8222{}Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad\uc0\u8220{}.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}The Dictionary of Art}. London. Z.Bibliog. 89.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1996c. \uc0\u8220{}Tell Sheikh Hamad \uc0\u8211{} Dur-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Catalogue of the Syrian-European Archaeology Exhibition: Working Together, Damascus National Museum May 30th\uc0\u8211{}July 11th 1996}, 99\uc0\u8211{}102. Z.Bibliog. 151.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997a. \uc0\u8220{}Tell Sheikh Hamad / Dur-Katlimmu 1992\uc0\u8211{}1995.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}American Journal of Archaeology} 101: 137\uc0\u8211{}139. Z.Bibliog. 87.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997b. \uc0\u8220{}Stempel- oder Siegelringe des Tukulti-Ninurta I.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Ana \uc0\u353{}ad\uc0\u238{} labn\uc0\u257{}ni l\uc0\u363{} allik - Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zu altorientalischen und mittelmeerischen Kulturen. Festschrift W. R\uc0\u246{}llig}, edited by Beate Pongratz-Leisten, Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, and Paolo Xella, 247:193\uc0\u8211{}218. Alter Orient und Altes Testament. Z.Bibliog. 88.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997c. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8222{}Sheikh Hamad, Tell\uc0\u8220{}.\uc0\u8221{} . Ed. Eric M. Meyers{\i{}The Oxford Encyclopedia of Archaeology in the Near East 5}. New York / Oxford. Z.Bibliog. 92.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997d. \uc0\u8220{}Short Account of the 13th Excavation Season at Tell Sheikh Hamad 1992.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Chronique Arch\uc0\u233{}ologique en Syrie} 1: 125\uc0\u8211{}127. Z.Bibliog. 96.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997e. \uc0\u8220{}Der Gott in der Mondsichel.\uc0\u8221{} . Ed. Volkert Haas and Helmut Freydank{\i{}Aufs\uc0\u228{}tze zum 65. Geburtstag von H. Klengel} 24: 375\uc0\u8211{}382. Z.Bibliog. 98.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad \uc0\u8211{} The Assyrian City of D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu: A Historic-Geographical Approach.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bulletin of the Middle Eastern Culture Center in Japan} 10: 279\uc0\u8211{}307. Z.Bibliog. 99.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999a. \uc0\u8220{}Quo vadis Assyria\uc0\u8239{}?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}FU Nachrichten} 1 2: 50\uc0\u8211{}51. Z.Bibliog. 132.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999b. \uc0\u8220{}Ein altorientalischer Sensationsfund.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Damals} 8: 41\uc0\u8211{}42. Z.Bibliog. 134.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000a. \uc0\u8220{}D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu and the Middle-Assyrian Empire. Actes du Colloque International `La Dj\uc0\u233{}zir\uc0\u233{} et l\uc0\u8217{}Euphrate Syriens de la Protohistoire \uc0\u224{} la fin du IIe Mill\uc0\u233{}naire av. J.-C.\uc0\u180{}, Paris.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Subartu} 7: 271\uc0\u8211{}279. Z.Bibliog. 78.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000b. \uc0\u8220{}The \uc0\u8222{}Red House\uc0\u8220{} of the Assyrian Provincial Center of Dur-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the First International Congress on the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East, Rome, May 18th\uc0\u8211{}23rd 1998}, edited by Paolo Matthiae, Alessandra Enea, Luca Peyronel, and Frances Pinnock, 761\uc0\u8211{}769. Z.Bibliog. 128.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2001. \uc0\u8220{}Quo Vadis Assyria? Der Tell Schech Hamad schreibt Geschichte.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Alter Orient Aktuell} 2001 2: 2\uc0\u8211{}7. Z.Bibliog. 165.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Thoughts about Assyria after 612 BC.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Of Pots and Plans, Papers on the Archaeology and History of Mesopotamia and Syria presented to David Oates in Honour of his 75th Birthday}, edited by Lamia Al-Gailani Werr, John E. Curtis, Harriet P. Martin, Augusta McMahon, Joan Oates, and Julian Reade, 171\uc0\u8211{}175. London. Z.Bibliog. 140.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 2005a. {\i{}Magdalu / Magdala. Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad von der postassyrischen Zeit bis zur r\uc0\u246{}mischen Kaiserzeit}. Vol. {\i{}2}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Z.Bibliog. 111.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005b. \uc0\u8220{}Die Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad: Eine Einf\uc0\u252{}hrung in die methodischen Grundlagen.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Magdalu / Magdala. Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad von der postassyrischen Zeit bis zur r\uc0\u246{}mischen Zeit}, edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, 2:1\uc0\u8211{}23. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Z.Bibliog. 276.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006a. \uc0\u8220{}Dur-Katlimmu, die Pr\uc0\u228{}chtige.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie in Deutschland} 2006 2: 12\uc0\u8211{}17. Z.Bibliog. 171.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006b. \uc0\u8220{}Lochsteine in Dur-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Subartu} 17: 513\uc0\u8211{}519. Z.Bibliog. 173.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006c. \uc0\u8220{}Neues zu den G\uc0\u228{}rten in Assyrien.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Baghdader Mitteilungen} 37: 227\uc0\u8211{}238. Z.Bibliog. 175.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006d. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u352{}ai\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad, Tall. B. Arch\uc0\u228{}ologisch.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Reallexikon der Assyriologie und Vorderasiatischen Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie}. Z.Bibliog. 189.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006e. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u352{}addada, Tall.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Reallexikon der Assyriologie und Vorderasiatischen Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie}. Z.Bibliog. 192.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 2008a. {\i{}Umwelt und Subsistenz der assyrischen Stadt D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu am Unteren \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r (Syrien)}. Vol. {\i{}8}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Wiesbaden. Z.Bibliog. 55.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Aus der Vergangenheit lernen?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie in Deutschland} 2008 6: 42\uc0\u8211{}44. Z.Bibliog. 211.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2009a. \uc0\u8220{}Bausteine zu einer Siedlungsgeschichte des Unteren \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r: Das 2. Jahrtausend.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Entre les fleuves -I. Untersuchungen zur historischen Geographie Obermesopotamiens im 2. Jahrtausend v. Chr}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum and Nele Ziegler, 20:17\uc0\u8211{}37. Berliner Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zum Vorderen Orient. Gladbeck: PEWE. Z.Bibliog. 212.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2009b. \uc0\u8220{}Interaction of Aramaeans and Assyrians on the Lower Khabur.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Syria} 86: 43\uc0\u8211{}54. Z.Bibliog. 227.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 2010a. {\i{}D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 2008 an Beyond}. Vol. {\i{}1}. Studia Chaburensia. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 195.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010b. \uc0\u8220{}The Rural Hinterland of D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 2008 and Beyond}, edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, 1:115\uc0\u8211{}128. Studia Chaburensia. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 202.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011a. \uc0\u8220{}Urbanism in the Assyrian Homeland.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Correlates of Complexity. Essays in Archaeology and Assyriology dedicated to Diederik J. W. Meijer in Honour of his 65th Birthday}, edited by Bleda S. D\uc0\u252{}ring, Arne Wossink, and Peter M.M.G. Akkermans, 116:143\uc0\u8211{}152. Publications de l\uc0\u8217{}Institut historique-arch\uc0\u233{}ologique n\uc0\u233{}erlandais de Stamboul. Z.Bibliog. 215.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011b. \uc0\u8220{}D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu und die Steppe vor und nach 612 v. Chr.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assur\uc0\u8212{}Gott, Stadt und Land: 5. Internationales Colloquium des Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft, 18.\uc0\u8211{}21. Februar 2004 in Berlin}, edited by Johannes Renger, 5:101\uc0\u8211{}114. Colloquien der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft. Z.Bibliog. 220.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2012a. \uc0\u8220{}Water for Assyria.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 7th International Congress on the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East, 12\uc0\u8211{}16 April 2010, the British Museum and UCL, London}, edited by R. Matthews and J. Curtis, 1:559\uc0\u8211{}571. Wiesbaden. Z.Bibliog. 237.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2012b. \uc0\u8220{}Wasser f\uc0\u252{}r D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu \uc0\u8211{} Wasser f\uc0\u252{}r Assyrien.\uc0\u8221{} . Ed. F. Klimscha, Ricardo Eichmann, Christof Schuler, and Henning Fahlbusch{\i{}Wasserwirtschaftliche Innovationen im arch\uc0\u228{}ologischen Kontext. Von den pr\uc0\u228{}historischen Anf\uc0\u228{}ngen bis zu den Metropolen der Antike, Menschen \uc0\u8211{} Kulturen \uc0\u8211{} Traditionen} 5: 203\uc0\u8211{}209. Z.Bibliog. 243.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2013a. \uc0\u8220{}State and Empire of Assyria in Northeast Syria.\uc0\u8221{} . Ed. Winfried Orthmann, Paolo Matthiae, and Michel Al-Maqdissi{\i{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie et Histoire de la Syrie I. La Syrie de l\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u233{}poque n\uc0\u233{}olithique \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u226{}ge du fer} 1 1: 473\uc0\u8211{}498. Z.Bibliog. 246.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2013b. \uc0\u8220{}Tell Sheikh Hamad. The Assyrian-Aramean Centre of D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu/Magdalu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}100 Jahre arch\uc0\u228{}ologische Feldforschungen in Nordost-Syrien \uc0\u8211{} eine Bilanz. Berichte des Internationalen Symposiums des Instituts f\uc0\u252{}r Vorderasiatische Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie der Freien Universit\uc0\u228{}t Berlin und des Vorderasiatischen Museums der Staatlichen Museen zu Berlin vom 21. Juli bis 23. Juli 2011 im Pergamonmuseum.}, edited by Dominik Bonatz and Lutz Martin, 18:235\uc0\u8211{}258. Schriften der Max Freiherr von Oppenheim-Stiftung. Z.Bibliog. 247.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2013c. \uc0\u8220{}Tall Bw\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7693{} - Adali\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u7723{}u?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Studia Orontica} XI: 143\uc0\u8211{}149. Z.Bibliog. 250.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2015. \uc0\u8220{}Core and Periphery in the Assyrian State: The View from D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Understanding Hegemonic Practices of the Early Assyrian Empire. Essays Dedicated to Frans Wiggermann}, edited by B.S. D\uc0\u252{}ring, 125:59\uc0\u8211{}73. Publications de l\uc0\u8217{}Institut Historique et Arch\uc0\u233{}ologique N\uc0\u233{}erlandais \uc0\u224{} Stamboul. Leiden. Z.Bibliog. 259.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2016a. \uc0\u8220{}Tell Sheikh Hamad/Dur-Katlimmu/Magdalu (Deir ez-Zor).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}A History of Syria in One Hundred Sites}, edited by Youssef Kanjou and Akira Tsuneki, 119\uc0\u8211{}126. Oxford. Z.Bibliog. 264.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2016b. \uc0\u8220{}Tell Bderi (Hassake).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}A History of Syria in One Hundred Sites}, edited by Youssef Kanjou and Akira Tsuneki, 327\uc0\u8211{}332. Oxford. Z.Bibliog. 265.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2016c. \uc0\u8220{}The Impact of Earthquakes on Middle Assyrian Tell Sheikh Hamad.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The provincial archaeology of the Assyrian empire}, edited by John MacGinnis, Dirk Wicke, and Tina Greenfield, 189\uc0\u8211{}198. McDonald Institute Monographs. Cambridge. Z.Bibliog. 266.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2016d. \uc0\u8220{}The Sheikh Hamad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu Texts DeZ 2521 and DeZ 3293 and their Implications for a Middle Assyrian Supra-Regional Canal.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Parcours D\uc0\u8217{}Orient. Recuell de Textex offert \uc0\u224{} Christine Kepinski}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}reng\uc0\u232{}re Perello and Aline Tenu, 139\uc0\u8211{}145. Oxford. Z.Bibliog. 267.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2017a. \uc0\u8220{}Early Iron in Assyria.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Overturning Certainties in Near Eastern Archaeology A Festschrift in Honor of K. Asl\uc0\u305{}han Yener}, edited by \uc0\u199{}i\uc0\u287{}dem Maner, Mara T. Horowitz, and Allan S. Gilbert, 318\uc0\u8211{}340. Leiden: Brill. Z.Bibliog. 310.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2017b. \uc0\u8220{}The Temple of Salm\uc0\u257{}nu at D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu, Nergal of Hub\uc0\u353{}alum, and Nergal-ere\uc0\u353{}.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}At the Dawn of History Ancient Near Eastern Studies in Honour of J. N. Postgate}, edited by Ya\uc0\u287{}mur Heffron, Adam Stone, and Martin Worthington, 1:271\uc0\u8211{}288. Indiana: Eisenbrauns. Z.Bibliog. 311.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2018a. \uc0\u8220{}Water for Assyria - Introduction.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Water for Assyria}, edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, 1\uc0\u8211{}6. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 319.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2018b. \uc0\u8220{}Politics and Water Management at the Lower \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r (Syria) in the Middle Assyrian Period and beyond - a New Appraisal.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Water for Assyria}, edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, 137\uc0\u8211{}194. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 320.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2019. \uc0\u8220{}Mittani and Middle Assyrian Stamp Seals.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Pearls of the Past Studies on Near Eastern Art and Archaeology in Honour of Frances Pinnock}, edited by Marta D\uc0\u8217{}Andrea, Maria Gabriella Micale, Davide Nadali, Sara Pizzimenti, and Agnese Vacca, 8:449\uc0\u8211{}459. marru Studien zur Vorderasiatischen Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie Studies in Near and Middle Eastern Archaeology. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Zaphon. Z.Bibliog. 324.\
K\uc0\u252{}hne, H., and A. Luther. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu / Magdalu\uc0\u8239{}?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1998 4: 106\uc0\u8211{}109. Z.Bibliog. 115.\
K\uc0\u252{}hne, H., A. Mahmoud, and W. R\uc0\u246{}llig. \uc0\u8220{}Vorl\uc0\u228{}ufiger Bericht \uc0\u252{}ber die Ausgrabungen in Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-katlimmu in den Jahren 1980 und 1981.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Les Annales Arch\uc0\u233{}ologiques Arabes Syriennes}. Z.Bibliog. 25.\
K\uc0\u252{}hne, H., A. Mahmoud, W. R\uc0\u246{}llig, and H. Steuerwald. \uc0\u8220{}Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-katlimmu. Vorl\uc0\u228{}ufiger Bericht \uc0\u252{}ber die erste Ausgrabungskampagne 1978.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Les Annales Arch\uc0\u233{}ologiques Arabes Syriennes}. Z.Bibliog. 24.\
K\uc0\u252{}hne, H., and J.-W. Meyer. in Vorbereitung. {\i{}Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad. Stratigraphie und Architektur der Grabungsstelle \uc0\u8222{}Nordostecke\uc0\u8220{}}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Z.Bibliog. 122.\
K\uc0\u252{}hne, H., and K. Radner. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Das Siegel des I\uc0\u353{}me-ilu, Eunuch des Nergal-\uc0\u275{}re\uc0\u353{}, aus D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie und Vorderasiatische Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie} 98: 26\uc0\u8211{}44. Z.Bibliog. 182.\
K\uc0\u252{}hne, H., and W. R\uc0\u246{}llig. in Vorbereitung. \uc0\u8220{}Die arch\uc0\u228{}ologische Gel\uc0\u228{}ndebegehung am Unteren \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r, Teil 1: Die Dokumentation.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Beihefte des T\uc0\u252{}binger Atlas des Vorderen Orients B} 67 1. Z.Bibliog. 53.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1977\uc0\u8211{}1978. \uc0\u8220{}The Lower \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r. A Preliminary Report on a Survey conducted by the T\uc0\u252{}binger Atlas des Vorderen Orients in 1975.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Les Annales Arch\uc0\u233{}ologiques Arabes Syriennes} 27/28: 115\uc0\u8211{}140. Z.Bibliog. 6.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983. \uc0\u8220{}The Lower Habur. Second preliminary report on a survey in 1977.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Les Annales Arch\uc0\u233{}ologiques Arabes Syriennes} 33 2: 187\uc0\u8211{}199. Z.Bibliog. 15.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989. \uc0\u8220{}Das Siegel des K\uc0\u246{}nigs Salmanassar I. von Assyrien.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Tahsin \uc0\u214{}zg\uc0\u252{}\uc0\u231{}\uc0\u8216{}e Arma\uc0\u287{}an, Anatolia and the Ancient Near East}, edited by Kutlu Emre, Nimet \uc0\u214{}zg\uc0\u252{}\uc0\u231{}, Barthel Hrouda, and Machteld Mellink, 295\uc0\u8211{}299. Z.Bibliog. 56.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}Ein assyro-babylonisches Rollsiegel aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Studies in Honor of Nimet \uc0\u214{}zg\uc0\u252{}\uc0\u231{}}, edited by Machteld Mellink, Edith Porada, and Tahsin \uc0\u214{}zg\uc0\u252{}\uc0\u231{}, 375\uc0\u8211{}381. Ankara: T\uc0\u252{}rk Tarih Kurumu Bas\uc0\u305{}mevi. Z.Bibliog. 64.\
K\uc0\u252{}hne, H., and G. Schneider. 1988. \uc0\u8220{}Neue Untersuchungen zur Metallischen Ware.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Damaszener Mitteilungen} 3: 83\uc0\u8211{}139. Z.Bibliog. 30.\
Kulemann-Ossen, S. 2009. \uc0\u8220{}Zum Siedlungsgeschehen des 2. Jahrtausends v. Chr. am Unteren \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Entre les fleuves -I. Untersuchungen zur historischen Geographie Obermesopotamiens im 2. Jahrtausend v. Chr}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum and N. Ziegler, 20:151\uc0\u8211{}163. Berliner Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zum Vorderen Orient. Gladbeck: PEWE. Z.Bibliog. 214.\
K\uc0\u252{}nzl, E. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Der Eisendolch mit Opus Interrasile-Dekor aus Grab 95/7 vom Tell Schech Hamad / Syrien.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Arch\uc0\u228{}ologisches Korrespondenzblatt des R\uc0\u246{}misch-Germanischen Zentralmuseums Mainz} 28 2: 269\uc0\u8211{}282. Z.Bibliog. 112.\
Lamprichs, R. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Kreppner,Florian Janoscha: Die Keramik des \uc0\u8222{}Roten Hauses\uc0\u8220{} vonTall\uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}h \uc0\u774{}H.amad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.Eine  Betrachtung  der  KeramikNordmesopotamiens  aus  der  zweiten  H\uc0\u228{}lfte  des  7. und  aus  dem6. Jahrhundert  v. Chr.  Mit  Beitr\uc0\u228{}gen  von  Ma\uc0\u322{}gorzata  Daszkiewicz,Ewa  Bobryk  und  Gerwulf  Schneider.  Wiesbaden:  HarrassowitzVerlag,  2006. 437  Seiten,  zahlreichen  Abbildungen  und  Tabellen,  3  Anh\uc0\u228{}ngen,  Katalog  (Teil  1)  und  135  Tafeln  (Teil  2).  35 cm  x 24,5 cm=Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}h \uc0\u774{}H.amad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu(BATSH)  Band  7\uc0\u8239{}: 1  und  7\uc0\u8239{}: 2. Lw.  99,00\uc0\u8364{}.  ISBN 3-447-05399-2.  \uc0\u8211{}Bespr.  von  Roland  Lamprichs,M\uc0\u252{}nster.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalistische Literaturzeitung} 103 6: 702\uc0\u8211{}706. Z.Bibliog. 190.\
Lemaire, A. 2001. \uc0\u8220{}Nouvelles tablettes aram\uc0\u233{}ennes.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Hautes \uc0\u201{}tudes Orientales 34. Moyen et Proche-Orient, 1}, 84\uc0\u8211{}92. Z.Bibliog. 168.\
Lipinski, E. 2016. {\i{}Studies in Aramaic Inscriptions and Onomastics IV}. Orientalia Lovaniensia Analecta 250. Leuven, Paris, Bristol: Peeters Publishers. Z.Bibliog. 341.\
Liverani, M. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Die mittelassyrischen Briefe aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad. By Eva Christiane Cancik-Kirschbaum. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall ehb Hamad-Dur-Katlimmu (BATSH), vol. 4; texts, 1. Berlin: DIETRICH REIMER VERLAG, 1996. Pp. xl + 245, 46 plates. DM 128.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of the American Oriental Society} 119 1: 140\uc0\u8211{}141. doi:https://doi.org/10.2307/605554. Z.Bibliog. 279.\
Llop, J. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Die k\uc0\u246{}niglichen \uc0\u8216{}gro\uc0\u223{}en Speicher\uc0\u8217{} (karm\uc0\u363{} rabi\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u363{}tu) der Stadt Assur in der Regierungszeit Salmanassars I. und Tukult\uc0\u299{}-Ninurtas I.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 137: 41\uc0\u8211{}55. Z.Bibliog. 278.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006. \uc0\u8220{}Eine Bearbeitung der mittelassyrischen Urkunde Aula Orientalis Supplementa 1, Nr. 106.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}\uc0\u352{}apal tibnim m\uc0\u251{} illak\uc0\u363{}. Studies presented to Joaqu\uc0\u237{}n Sanmart\uc0\u237{}n on the Occasion of his 65th Birthday}, edited by Gregorio Olmo Lete, Llu\uc0\u237{}s Feliu, and Adelina Millet Alba, 22:275\uc0\u8211{}281. Aula Orientalis Supplementa. Z.Bibliog. 248.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}R\uc0\u246{}llig, W. - Land- und Viehwirtschaft am unteren Habur in mittelassyrischer Zeit. (Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu, Band 9, Text 3). Verlag Otto Harrassowitz, Wiesbaden, 2008. (35 cm, XLV, 221). ISBN 978-3-447-05719-6. \uc0\u8364{} 64,-.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalis} 67 1\uc0\u8211{}2: 124\uc0\u8211{}132. Z.Bibliog. 209.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}The Creation of the Middle Assyrian Provinces.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of the American Oriental Society} 131 4: 591\uc0\u8211{}603. Z.Bibliog. 288.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2012a. \uc0\u8220{}Middle Assyrian Letters: a New Survey.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Aula Orientalis} 30: 289\uc0\u8211{}306. Z.Bibliog. 270.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2012b. \uc0\u8220{}The Development of the Middle Assyrian Provinces.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Altorientalische Forschungen} 39: 87\uc0\u8211{}111. Z.Bibliog. 292.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2013. \uc0\u8220{}The Eponym B\uc0\u275{}r-n\uc0\u257{}din-apli and the Documents Referring to the Expeditions to the City of Tille in the Reign of Tukult\uc0\u299{}-Ninurta I (1233\uc0\u8211{}1197 b.c.e.).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Time and History in the Ancient Near East. Proceedings of the 56th Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale at Barcelona 26-30 July 2010}, 549\uc0\u8211{}559. Winona Lake, Indiana. Z.Bibliog. 297.\
Llop, J., and D. Shibata. 2016. \uc0\u8220{}The Royal Journey in the Middle Assyrian Period.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 68: 67\uc0\u8211{}98. Z.Bibliog. 307.\
Llop-Radu\uc0\u224{}, J. 2012. \uc0\u8220{}Did the assyrians occupy the Euphrates-elbow in the Middle Assyrian period (Late Bronze Age)?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Broadening Horizons 3. Conference of Young Researchers Working in the Ancient Near East}, edited by Ferran Borrell Tena, M\uc0\u242{}nica Bouso Garc\uc0\u237{}a, Carles Tornero Dacasa, Oriol Vicente Campos, and Anna G\uc0\u243{}mez Bach, 203\uc0\u8211{}225. Bellaterra: Universitat Aut\uc0\u242{}noma de Barcelona Servei de Publicacions. Z.Bibliog. 293.\
Luciani, M. 2001a. \uc0\u8220{}Where was Dunni-A\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u353{}ur? Some reflections on DeZ 3281 and Middle-Assyrian toponymy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2001 1: 1\uc0\u8211{}3. Z.Bibliog. 160.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2001b. \uc0\u8220{}Again on DeZ 3281, Middle-Assyrian toponymy and a l\uc0\u299{}mu from Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2001 1: 3\uc0\u8211{}6. Z.Bibliog. 161.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}The Lower Khabur in the Middle Bronze Age: Archaeological and textual data.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Syrian Jezira. Cultural Heritage and Interpretations, Proceedings of the International conference held in Deir ez-Zor april 22nd\uc0\u8211{}25th, 1996}, edited by Michel Al-Maqdissi, Maamoun Abdul Karim, A. Al-Azm, and M.Dib Al-Khour, I:99\uc0\u8211{}107. Documents d\uc0\u8217{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie Syrienne. Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 234.\
Luppard-Barnard, S. 2001. \uc0\u8220{}Die mittelassyrischen Briefe aus Tall Seh Hamad. By Eva Christiane Cancik-Kirschbaum. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall Sel Hamad/Dur- Katlimmu, Band 4, Texte 1. Berlin: Dietrich Reimer Verlag, 1996. Pp. xl + 245 + 46 pls. DM 128.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Near Eastern Studies} 60 1: 56\uc0\u8211{}59. Z.Bibliog. 281.\
Luther, A. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Die Einnahme von Birtha Asporaku durch Sapor I.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}G\uc0\u246{}ttinger Forum f\uc0\u252{}r Altertumswissenschaft} 2: 77\uc0\u8211{}84. Z.Bibliog. 133.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}R\uc0\u246{}mische Milit\uc0\u228{}rposten der Severerzeit am Unteren \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}G\uc0\u246{}ttinger Forum f\uc0\u252{}r Altertumswissenschaft} 5: 1\uc0\u8211{}9. Z.Bibliog. 149.\
Mahmoud, A. 1984. \uc0\u8220{}Tell \uc0\u703{}A\uc0\u287{}\uc0\u257{}\uc0\u287{}a 1984.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 31: 112\uc0\u8211{}114. Z.Bibliog. 221.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Fruchtbare Kooperation.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Fundstellen, Gesammelte Schriften zur Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie und Geschichte Altvorderasiens ad honorem Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne}, edited by Dominik Bonatz, Rainer Maria Czichon, and Florian Janoscha Kreppner, 389\uc0\u8211{}392. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 225.\
Mahmoud, A., and H. K\uc0\u252{}hne. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}Tall \uc0\u8216{}A\uc0\u287{}\uc0\u257{}\uc0\u287{}a / \uc0\u352{}adikanni 1984\uc0\u8211{}1990.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 40 41: 215\uc0\u8211{}221. Z.Bibliog. 73.\
Mahmoud, A., and H. K\uc0\u252{}hne. 2016. \uc0\u8220{}Tell Ajaja (Hassake).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}A History of Syria in One Hundred Sites}, edited by Youssef Kanjou and Akira Tsuneki, 323\uc0\u8211{}326. Oxford. Z.Bibliog. 268.\
Martens, H., and D. Kock. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}Erstnachweise f\uc0\u252{}r drei Gecco-Gattungen in Syrien.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Senckenbergiana biologica} 71: 15\uc0\u8211{}21. Z.Bibliog. 60.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1992. \uc0\u8220{}The desert monitor, Varanus griseus (Daudin 1803), in Syria (Reptilia: Sauria: Varanidae).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Senckenbergiana biologica} 72: 7\uc0\u8211{}11. Z.Bibliog. 82.\
Maul, S.M. 1992. {\i{}Die Inschriften von Tall Bd\uc0\u275{}ri}. Ed. Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, Volkert Haas, Hans J. Nissen, and Johannes Renger. Vol. {\i{}2}. Berliner Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zum Vorderen Orient, Texte. Berlin: Dietrich Reimer Verlag. Z.Bibliog. 61.\
Maul, S.M., and C. Fischer. 2004. \uc0\u8220{}Drei mittelassyrische Urkunden aus Kuli\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u7723{}ina\uc0\u353{}.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Von Sumer nach Ebla und zur\uc0\u252{}ck, Festschrift Giovanni Pettinato zum 27. September 1999 gewidmet von Freunden, Kollegen und Sch\uc0\u252{}lern}, edited by Hartmut Waetzoldt, 9:129\uc0\u8211{}140. Heidelberger Studien zum Alten Orient. Z.Bibliog. 277.\
McGinnis, J., M.W. Monroe, D. Wicke, and T. Matney. 2014. \uc0\u8220{}Artefacts of Cognition: the Use of Clay Tokens in a Neo-Assyrian Provincial Administration.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Cambridge Archaeological Journal} 24 2: 289\uc0\u8211{}306. Z.Bibliog. 298.\
Messerschmidt, W. 2015. \uc0\u8220{}K\uc0\u252{}hne, Hartmut: Magdalu/Magdala.Tall\uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{}\uc0\u7716{}amad vonder  postassyrischen  Zeit  bis  zur  r\uc0\u246{}mischen  Kaiserzeit.Mit Beitr\uc0\u228{}gen von Reinhard Bernbeck [u. a.]. Berlin: Diet-rich Reimer Verlag 2005. 4\uc0\u176{} = Berichte der AusgrabungTall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu,  2.  Hartbd. \uc0\u8364{}189.00.ISBN 3-496-02504-2. Bd. 2:1. Text. XLV, 383 S. m. Tab.Bd. 2:2. Abbildungen und Beilagen. S. 389\uc0\u8211{}393, Abb. 1\uc0\u8211{}826, 4 Beil. im Anh.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalistische Literaturzeitung} 110 2: 108\uc0\u8211{}114. doi:https://doi.org/10.1515/olzg-2015-0040. Z.Bibliog. 255.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2018. \uc0\u8220{}Hornig, Heide: Der parthisch r\uc0\u246{}mische Friedhof von Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/Magdala, Teil II: Die anthropologische Evidenz. Mit Beitr\uc0\u228{}gen von Bettina Jungklaus. Wiesbaden: Harassowitz Verlag 2010. L, 177, 92 Abb., 51 Tab. 4\uc0\u176{} = Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 13. 1. Lw. \uc0\u8364{} 64.00. ISBN 978-3-447-06214-5. Besprochen von Wolfgang Messerschmidt, K\uc0\u246{}ln / Deutschland, E-Mail: w.messerschmidt@ish.de.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalistische Literaturzeitung} 113: 137\uc0\u8211{}139. doi:https://doi.org/10.1515/olzg-2018-0040. Z.Bibliog. 321.\
Miglus, P.A. 1999. {\i{}St\uc0\u228{}dtische Wohnarchitektur in Babylonien und Assyrien}. Baghdader Forschungen 22. Mainz am Rhein: Verlag Philipp von Zabern. Z.Bibliog. 305.\
Millard, A. 2019. \uc0\u8220{}Die aram\uc0\u228{}ischen Texte aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu/Magdalu. By Wolfgang R\uc0\u246{}llig. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu, vol. 17. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz Verlag, 2014. Pp. lxiv + 284, illus. \uc0\u8364{}84.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of the American Oriental Society} 139.1: 234\uc0\u8211{}236. doi:https://www.doi.org/10.7817/jameroriesoci.139.1.0234. Z.Bibliog. 325.\
Monchambert, J.-Y. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne (\uc0\u233{}d.), Dur-Katlimmu 2008 and Beyond ( Studia Chaburensia 1), Otto-Harrassowitz Verlag, Wiesbaden, 2010, xi + 265 p., ISBN\uc0\u8239{}: 978-3-447-06209-1.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Syria} 88: 432\uc0\u8211{}435. Z.Bibliog. 219.\
Morandi Bonacossi, D. 1996. {\i{}Tra il Fiume e la Steppa}. Vol. {\i{}I}. History of the Ancient Near East / Monographs. Z.Bibliog. 123.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Die eisenzeitliche Keramik der TAVO-Gel\uc0\u228{}ndebegehung des Unteren \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r-Gebiets.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Iron Age Pottery in Northern Mesopotamia, Northern Syria and South-Eastern Anatolia. Papers presented at the meetings of the international \uc0\u8222{}table ronde\uc0\u8220{} at Heidelberg (1995) and Niebor\uc0\u243{}w (1997) and other conrtributions}, edited by Arnulf Hausleiter and Andrzej Reiche, 10:193\uc0\u8211{}229. Altertumskunde des Vorderen Orients. Z.Bibliog. 223.\
M\uc0\u252{}ller-Kessler, C. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Die aram\uc0\u228{}ischen Verkaufsklauseln in den Beischriften.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 2008 and Beyond}, edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, 1:151\uc0\u8211{}162. Studia Chaburensia. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 203.\
Niederreiter, Z. 2016. \uc0\u8220{}Les Sources Glyptiques de Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Syria} 93: 389\uc0\u8211{}395. Z.Bibliog. 269.\
Nov\uc0\u225{}k, M. 2007. \uc0\u8220{}Florian Janoscha Kreppner: Die Keramik des \uc0\u8216{}Roten Hauses\uc0\u8217{} von Tall Seh Hamad / Dur-Katlimmu. Eine Betrachtung der Keramik Nordmesopotamiens aus der zweiten Halfte des 7. und aus dem 6.Jahrhundert v. Chr. Mit Beitragen von Malgorzata Daszkiewicz, Ewa Bobryk und Gerwulf Schneider. Berichte der Ausgra bung Tall Seh Hamad / Dur-Katlimmu (BATSH) Band 7. Harrasowitz Verlag Wiesbaden 2006.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Die Welt des Orients} 37: 214\uc0\u8211{}220. Z.Bibliog. 217.\
Nov\uc0\u225{}k, M., and A. Oettel. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Ein parthisch-r\uc0\u246{}mischer Friedhof in Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / Ost-Syrien.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Antike Welt} 29 4: 325\uc0\u8211{}337. Z.Bibliog. 91.\
Nov\uc0\u225{}k, M., A. Oettel, and C. Witzel. 2000. {\i{}Der parthisch-r\uc0\u246{}mische Friedhof von Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / Magdala, Teil I}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 5. Berlin. Z.Bibliog. 100.\
Nov\uc0\u225{}k, M., and C. R\uc0\u246{}mer. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Zwei Beinidole aus partherzeitlichen Gr\uc0\u228{}bern in Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Damaszener Mitteilungen} 9: 181\uc0\u8211{}195. Z.Bibliog. 90.\
Nov\uc0\u225{}k, M., and J. Schmid. 2001. \uc0\u8220{}Zur Problematik von Lehmziegelgew\uc0\u246{}lben. Konstruktionstechniken und Verfahren zur Analyse am Beispiel von Gew\uc0\u246{}lbebauten im `Roten Haus\uc0\u180{} in D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu / Magdalu.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Baghdader Mitteilungen} 32: 205\uc0\u8211{}253. Z.Bibliog. 143.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Ein \uc0\u7722{}il\uc0\u257{}ni im assyrischen Palast? Bemerkungen zur\uc0\u8239{}\uc0\u187{}Nordost-Ecke\uc0\u171{}\uc0\u8239{}von D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Kulturlandschaft Syrien. Zentrum und Peripherie, Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Jan-Waalke Meyer}, edited by J\uc0\u246{}rg Becker, Ralph Hempelmann, and Ellen Rehm, 371:529\uc0\u8211{}551. Alter Orient und Altes Testament. Z.Bibliog. 251.\
Oettel, A. 2003. \uc0\u8220{}Roms Grenze im Zweistromland.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie in Deutschland} 2003 5: 14\uc0\u8211{}19. Z.Bibliog. 228.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Rom am \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r: Betrachtung zum Prozess der Romanisierung in Ost-Syrien.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Fundstellen, Gesammelte Schriften zur Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie und Geschichte Altvorderasiens ad honorem Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne}, edited by Dominik Bonatz, Rainer Maria Czichon, and Florian Janoscha Kreppner, 225\uc0\u8211{}232. Z.Bibliog. 184.\
Owen, D.I. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}K\uc0\u252{}hne, Hartmut (ed.). 1991. Die rezente Umwelt von Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad und Daten zur Umweltrekonstruktion der assyrischen Stadt D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Mit Beitragen von C. Becker, S. Bottema, P. J. Ergenzinger, W. Frey, W. H. E. Gremmen, H. Hopfinger, Chr. Jagiella, F. Krupp, H. K\uc0\u252{}hne, H. K\uc0\u252{}rschner, D. S. Reese, W. Schneider (= Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/ D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu [BATSH], ed. by H. K\uc0\u252{}hne, Asa\uc0\u8217{}d Mahmoud, W. Rollig, Vol. 1. Dietrich Reimer Verlag, Berlin 1991.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Religious Studies Review} 20 4: 324. doi:https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1748-0922.1994.tb00112.x. Z.Bibliog. 104.\
Pedde, F. 2000. {\i{}Vorderasiatische Fibeln von der Levante bis Iran}. Abhandlungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft 24. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker Druckerei und Verlag GmbH. Z.Bibliog. 306.\
Peders\uc0\u233{}n, O. 2002. May 1. \uc0\u8220{}Cancik-Kirschbaum, Eva Christiane: Die mittelassyrischen Briefe aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad. Berlin: Dietrich Reimer Verlag 1996. XL, 245 S.,  46 Taf., gr.  8\uc0\u176{} = Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu (BATSH),  Band 4, Texte  1. Hrsg. von  Hartmut  K\uc0\u252{}hne, As\uc0\u8217{}ad  Mahmoud und Wolfgang  K\uc0\u246{}llig. Kart. EUR  64,00. -Bespr.  von O. Pedersen, Uppsala.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalistische Literaturzeitung} 97 4\uc0\u8211{}5 (May 1): 530\uc0\u8211{}534. doi:https://doi.org/10.1524/olzg.2002.97.45.476. Z.Bibliog. 282.\
Peltenburg, E., and S. Pickles. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Metallurgy, Society and the Bronze/Iron Transition in the East Mediterranean and the Near East.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Report of the Department of Antiquities, Cyprus} 1998: 67\uc0\u8211{}100. Z.Bibliog. 135.\
Pf\uc0\u228{}lzner, P. 1984. \uc0\u8220{}Eine arch\uc0\u228{}ologische Gel\uc0\u228{}ndebegehung im Gebiet des Wadi \uc0\u8216{}A\uc0\u287{}\uc0\u299{}\uc0\u287{}/Ostsyrien.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 31: 178\uc0\u8211{}185. Z.Bibliog. 19.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1986\uc0\u8211{}1987a. \uc0\u8220{}A Short Account of the Excavation in Tall Bd\uc0\u275{}ri 1985.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Les Annales Arch\uc0\u233{}ologiques Arabes Syriennes} 36/37: 276\uc0\u8211{}291. Z.Bibliog. 28.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1986\uc0\u8211{}1987b. \uc0\u8220{}The Excavation at Tell Bd\uc0\u275{}ri in 1986.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Les Annales Arch\uc0\u233{}ologiques Arabes Syriennes} 36/37: 292\uc0\u8211{}303. Z.Bibliog. 37.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1988a. \uc0\u8220{}Tell Bd\uc0\u275{}ri 1985. Bericht \uc0\u252{}ber die erste Kampagne.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Damaszener Mitteilungen} 3: 223\uc0\u8211{}378. Z.Bibliog. 31.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1988b. \uc0\u8220{}Tall Bd\uc0\u275{}ri (Khabur).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Syrian Archaeology Bulletin} l,: 2. Z.Bibliog. 50.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989a. \uc0\u8220{}Tall Bd\uc0\u275{}ri 1985\uc0\u8211{}1987.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 36 37: 212\uc0\u8211{}221. Z.Bibliog. 43.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989b. \uc0\u8220{}Tall al-buda\uc0\u299{}r\uc0\u299{} f\uc0\u299{} ha\uc0\u363{}\uc0\u7695{} al-\uc0\u7723{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}New Lights on the History and Archaeology of Bilad esh-Sham (arab.)}, edited by Kassem Toueir, 91\uc0\u8211{}102. Damaskus. Z.Bibliog. 51.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}Tell Bd\uc0\u275{}ri. The Development of a Bronze Age Town.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Near East in Antiquity}, edited by Susanne Kerner, 63\uc0\u8211{}79. Z.Bibliog. 48.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}Wohnen vor 4500 Jahren. Ergebnisse der Ausgrabungen auf dem Tall Bd\uc0\u275{}ri.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}N\uc0\u252{}rnberger Bl\uc0\u228{}tter zur Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie} 9: 49\uc0\u8211{}62. Z.Bibliog. 76.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1995. {\i{}Mittanische und mittelassyrische Keramik. Eine chronologische, funktionale und produktions\uc0\u246{}konomische Analyse}. Vol. {\i{}3}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Berlin. Z.Bibliog. 83.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Activity Areas and the Social Organisation of Third Millenium B.C. Households.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Houses and Households in Ancient Mesopotamia, Akten der 40. Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale, Leiden, July 5-8, 1993}, edited by Klaas R. Veenhof, 78:117\uc0\u8211{}127. Publications de l\uc0\u8217{}Institut Historique et Arch\uc0\u233{}ologique N\uc0\u233{}erlandais \uc0\u224{} Stamboul. Z.Bibliog. 63.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997a. \uc0\u8220{}Keramikproduktion und Provinzverwaltung im mittelassyrischen Reich.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assyrien im Wandel der Zeiten, Akten der 39. Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale, Heidelberg}, edited by Harald Hauptmann and Hartmut Waetzold, 337\uc0\u8211{}345. Z.Bibliog. 62.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997b. \uc0\u8220{}Wandel und Kontinuit\uc0\u228{}t im Urbanisierungsproze\uc0\u223{} des 3. Jtsds. v. Chr. in Nordmesopotamien.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Die orientalische Stadt: Kontinuit\uc0\u228{}t, Wandel, Bruch}, edited by Gernot Wilhelm, 239\uc0\u8211{}265. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker Druckerei und Verlag GmbH. Z.Bibliog. 109.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Die Ausgrabungen von Tall Bderi/Dur-A\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u353{}ur-ketti-le\uc0\u353{}er.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Katalog der Ausstellung des Deutschen Arch\uc0\u228{}ologischen Instituts, Orte und Zeiten. 25 Jahre arch\uc0\u228{}ologische Forschung in Syrien 1980\uc0\u8211{}2005}, 143\uc0\u8211{}147. Z.Bibliog. 180.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2007. \uc0\u8220{}The Late Bronze Age Ceramic Traditions of the Syrian Jazirah.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}C\uc0\u233{}ramique de l\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u226{}ge du Bronze en Syrie II. L\uc0\u8217{}Euphrate et la r\uc0\u233{}gion de J\uc0\u233{}zireh}, edited by Michel Al-Maqdissi, V. Matoian, and C. Nicolle, 180:231\uc0\u8211{}258. Biblioth\uc0\u232{}que arch\uc0\u233{}ologique et historique. Z.Bibliog. 239.\
Pinnock, F. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Florian Janoschka Kreppner, Die Keramik des " Roten Hauses " von Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}h Hamad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu\uc0\u8239{}: Eine Betrachtung der Keramik Nord- mesopotamiens aus der zweiten H\uc0\u228{}lfte des 7. und aus dem 6. Jahrhun- dert v. Chr. Berichte der Ausgrabungen Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}h Hamad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Kat- limmu, 7. Mit Beitr\uc0\u228{}gen von Malgorzata Daszkiewicz, Ewa Bobryk und Gerwulf Schneider. Wiesbaden, Harrassowitz Verlag, 2006 [2007]. 24,5 X 35. \uc0\u8364{} 98,-. Bandi: Text, liv-437 S., 96 Abb.; Band 2: Tafeln, xm S., 135 T.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalia} 80 1: 130\uc0\u8211{}132. Z.Bibliog. 218.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2017. \uc0\u8220{}Die neuassyrische und sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonische Glyptik aus Tall Shekh Hamad, 1: Text und Konkordanzen; 2: Katalog und Tafeln by A. F\uc0\u252{}gert, Harrassowitz Verlag, (BATSH 16, 1\uc0\u8211{}2), Wiesbaden 2015 (Pp. 318+498, figs 122, Pls 10). ISBN 978\uc0\u8211{}3\uc0\u8211{}447\uc0\u8211{}10285\uc0\u8211{}8. Price \uc0\u8364{} 198,00.\uc0\u8221{} . Ed. Paolo Matthiae{\i{}Studia Eblaitica} 3: 200\uc0\u8211{}202. Z.Bibliog. 312.\
Pongratz-Leisten, B. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Assyrian Royal Discourse Between Local and Imperial Traditions at the \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue d\uc0\u8217{}assyriologie et d\uc0\u8217{}arch\uc0\u233{}ologie orientale} 105: 109\uc0\u8211{}128. Z.Bibliog. 289.\
Postgate, N. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}The Four \uc0\u8222{}Neo-Assyrian\uc0\u8220{} Tablets from \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}State Archives of Assyria Bulletin} VII,: 109\uc0\u8211{}124. Z.Bibliog. 67.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Assyrian Percentages? Calculating the Birth-rate at Dur-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Leggo! Studies presented to Prof. Frederick Mario Fales on the Occasion of his 65th Birthday}, edited by Giovanni B. Lanfranchi, Daniele Morandi Bonacossi, Cinzia Pappi, and Simonetta Ponchia, 677\uc0\u8211{}685. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 240.\
Postgate, N. 2013. {\i{}Bronze Age Bureaucracy Writing and the Practice of Government in Assyria}. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. Z.Bibliog. 335.\
Pucci, M. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}The Neo Assyrian residences of Tell Sheikh Hamad, Syria.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 5th International Congress on the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East, 3\uc0\u8211{}8 April 2006, Madrid, Spain, volume three}, 49\uc0\u8211{}63. Z.Bibliog. 194.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}The Discovery of the City-Canal of D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 2008 and Beyond}, edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, 1:163\uc0\u8211{}174. Studia Chaburensia. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 204.\
Radner, K. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Der Gott Salm\uc0\u257{}nu (\uc0\u8222{}\uc0\u352{}ulm\uc0\u257{}nu\uc0\u8220{}) und seine Beziehung zur Stadt D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Die Welt des Orients} 29: 33\uc0\u8211{}51. Z.Bibliog. 116.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. {\i{}Die Neuassyrischen Texte aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad. Mit Beitr\uc0\u228{}gen von W. R\uc0\u246{}llig zu den aram\uc0\u228{}ischen Beischriften}. Vol. {\i{}6}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Berlin. Z.Bibliog. 150.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u352{}ai\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad, Tall. A. Philologisch.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Reallexikon der Assyriologie und Vorderasiatischen Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie}. Z.Bibliog. 188.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Neue neuassyrische Texte aus D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 2008 and Beyond}, edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, 1:175\uc0\u8211{}186. Studia Chaburensia. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 205.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2012. \uc0\u8220{}The Stele of Adad-n\uc0\u275{}r\uc0\u257{}r\uc0\u299{} III and Nergal-\uc0\u275{}re\uc0\u353{} from D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu (Tell \uc0\u352{}ai\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Altorientalische Forschungen} 39: 269\uc0\u8211{}277. Z.Bibliog. 242.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2015. {\i{}Ancient Assyria: A Very Short Introduction}. Oxford. Z.Bibliog. 285.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2017. \uc0\u8220{}Economy, Society, and Daily Life in the Neo\uc0\u8208{}Assyrian Period.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}A Companion to Assyria}, edited by Eckart Frahm, 209\uc0\u8211{}228. Cornwall: Wiley Blackwell. Z.Bibliog. 313.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2018. \uc0\u8220{}Last Emperor or Crown Prince Forever? A\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u353{}ur-uballi\uc0\u7789{} II of Assyria according to Archival Sources.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}State Archives of Assyria Studies}, edited by Shigeo Yamada, 28:135\uc0\u8211{}142. The Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project. USA. Z.Bibliog. 326.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2019. \uc0\u8220{}The \uc0\u8216{}Lost Tribes of Israel\uc0\u8217{} in the Context of the Resettlement Programme of the Assyrian Empire.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Last Days of the Kingdom of Israel}, edited by Shuichi Hasegawa, Christoph Levin, and Karen Radner, 101\uc0\u8211{}123. Leck: de Gruyter. Z.Bibliog. 322.\
Reculeau, H. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}The Lower \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r before the Assyrians.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 2008 and Beyond}, edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, 1:187\uc0\u8211{}215. Studia Chaburensia. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 206.\
Reculeau, H. 2011. {\i{}Climate, environment and Agriculture in Assyria in the 2nd Half of the 2nd Millennium BCE}. Vol. {\i{}2}. Studia Chaburensia. Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 233.\
Richter, H. 2003. \uc0\u8220{}Nov\uc0\u228{}k,  Mirko,  Andreas  Oettel,  Carsten  Witzel:  Der  Parthisch-r\uc0\u246{}mische  Friedhof  von  Tall  \uc0\u167{}eb Hamad/Magdala,  Teil  1. Mit  Bei-tr\uc0\u228{}gen  von  Christiane  R\uc0\u246{}mer  [u. a.]  Berlin:  Reimer  2000.  LI,  661 S. m.  Abb.  4\uc0\u176{} = Berichte  der  Ausgrabung  Tall  \uc0\u167{}eh   Hamad/D\uc0\u252{}r-Katlim-mu  (BATSH),  5.  Lw.  Euro  224.00.  ISBN  3-496-02681-2.  -   Bespr.   von  Heike Richter,  Mainz.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalistische Literaturzeitung} 98 2: 243\uc0\u8211{}247. Z.Bibliog. 162.\
R\uc0\u246{}llig, W. 1978. \uc0\u8220{}D\uc0\u363{}r-katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalia} 47: 419\uc0\u8211{}430. Z.Bibliog. 3.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983. \uc0\u8220{}Ein Itinerar aus D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Damaszener Mitteilungen} 1: 279\uc0\u8211{}284. Z.Bibliog. 16.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1984. \uc0\u8220{}Preliminary Remarks on the Middle Assyrian Archive from Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the International Symposium on the history and Archaeology of the Region of Der az-Zor, October 2nd\uc0\u8211{}6th, 1983}, 34:189\uc0\u8211{}194. Les Annales Arch\uc0\u233{}ologiques Arabes Syriennes. Z.Bibliog. 22.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993a. \uc0\u8220{}Die aram\uc0\u228{}ischen Beischriften auf den Texten 1 und 3.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}State Archives of Assyria Bulletin} 7: 125\uc0\u8211{}128. Z.Bibliog. 68.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993b. \uc0\u8220{}Zur historischen Einordnung der Texte.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}State Archives of Assyria Bulletin} 7: 129\uc0\u8211{}132. Z.Bibliog. 69.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997a. \uc0\u8220{}Aramaica Haburensia II: Zwei datierte aram\uc0\u228{}ische Urkunden aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad.\uc0\u8221{} . Ed. Volkert Haas and Helmut Freydank{\i{}Aufs\uc0\u228{}tze zum 65. Geburtstag von H. Klengel} 24: 366\uc0\u8211{}374. Z.Bibliog. 94.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997b. \uc0\u8220{}Aspects of the Historical Geography of Northeastern Syria from Middle Assyrian to Neo-Assyrian Times.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assyria 1995: Proceedings of the 10th Anniversary Symposium of the Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project, Helsinki, September 7 - 11, 1995}, edited by Simo Parpola and Robert M. Whiting, 281\uc0\u8211{}293. Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project. Z.Bibliog. 95.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999a. \uc0\u8220{}Aramaica Haburensia III: Beobachtungen an neuen Dokumenten in \uc0\u8222{}Aramaic argillary script\uc0\u8220{}.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r F. M. Cross}, edited by Baruch A. Levine, Philip J. King, Joseph Naveh, and Ephraim Stern, 26:163\uc0\u8211{}168. Eretz Israel. Jerusalem: The Israel Exploration Society. Z.Bibliog. 127.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999b. \uc0\u8220{}Texts from Tell Sheikh Hamad.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}An International Workshop on Aramaic Argillary Texts, March 7th\uc0\u8211{}8th, 1997} 87: 563\uc0\u8211{}564. Z.Bibliog. 139.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Aramaica Haburensia I: Eine ostaram\uc0\u228{}ische Inschrift parthischer Zeit aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assyriologica et Semitica, Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r J. Oelsner anl\uc0\u228{}\uc0\u223{}lich seines 65. Geburtstages am 18. Februar 1997}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and Hans Neumann, 252:377\uc0\u8211{}386. Alter Orient und Altes Testament. Z.Bibliog. 93.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2001a. \uc0\u8220{}Aramaica Haburensia V: Limu-Datierungen in aram\uc0\u228{}ischen Urkunden des 7. Jh. v. Chr.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The World of the Aramaeans II. Studies in History and Archaeology in Honor of Paul-Eug\uc0\u232{}ne Dion}, edited by Mich\uc0\u232{}le Daviau, John W. Wevers, and Michael Weigl, 325:45\uc0\u8211{}56. Journal for the Study of the Old Testament, Supplements. Z.Bibliog. 117.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2001b. \uc0\u8220{}Ph\uc0\u246{}nizisches aus Nordsyrien und der Gott Kurra.\uc0\u8221{} . Ed. Klaus Geus and Klaus Zimmermann{\i{}Punica \uc0\u8211{} Libyca \uc0\u8211{} Ptolemaica, Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r W. Hu\uc0\u223{}, zum 65. Geburtstag dargebracht von Sch\uc0\u252{}lern, Freunden und Kollegen} 104. Orientalia Lovaniensia Analecta: 41\uc0\u8211{}52. Z.Bibliog. 144.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002a. \uc0\u8220{}Aus der Kleiderkammer einer mittelassyrischen Palastverwaltung \uc0\u8211{} ma\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u7723{}uru-Kleider.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Ex Mesopotamia et Syria Lux, Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r M. Dietrich zu seinem 65. Geburtstag}, edited by Oswald Loretz, Kai A. Metzler, and Hanspeter Schaudig, 281:581\uc0\u8211{}594. Alter Orient und Altes Testament. Z.Bibliog. 145.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002b. \uc0\u8220{}Farming and Cattle-Breeding in the Khabur in the 13th Cent. B. C.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Syrian Jezira. Cultural Heritage and Interpretations, Proceedings of the International conference held in Deir ez-Zor april 22nd\uc0\u8211{}25th, 1996}, edited by Michel Al-Maqdissi, Maamoun Abdul Karim, A. Al-Azm, and M.Dib Al-Khour, I,:159\uc0\u8211{}161. Z.Bibliog. 235.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003. \uc0\u8220{}Aramaica Haburensia VI: Drei Ostraka aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r B. Kienast}, edited by Gebhard J. Selz, 274:395\uc0\u8211{}402. Alter Orient und Altes Testament. http://archiv.ub.uni-heidelberg.de/propylaeumdok/volltexte/2011/1202. Z.Bibliog. 129.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2004. \uc0\u8220{}Eponymen in den mittelassyrischen Dokumenten aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/ D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie und Vorderasiatische Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie} 94: 18\uc0\u8211{}51. Z.Bibliog. 29.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Keilschrift versus Alphabetschrift: \uc0\u220{}berlegungen zu den epigraphs auf Keilschrifttafeln.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Writing and Ancient Near Eastern Society. Papers in Honour of Alan R. Millard}, edited by Piotr Bienkowski, Christopher Mee, and Elizabeth Slater, 426:119\uc0\u8211{}126. Library of Hebrew Bible / Old Testament Studies. Z.Bibliog. 170.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. {\i{}Land- und Viehwirtschaft am Unteren \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r in Mittelassyrischer Zeit}. Vol. {\i{}9}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 177.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Duara \uc0\u8211{} Die Satellitenstadt zu D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Fundstellen, Gesammelte Schriften zur Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie und Geschichte Altvorderasiens ad honorem Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne}, edited by Dominik Bonatz, Rainer Maria Czichon, and Florian Janoscha Kreppner, 189\uc0\u8211{}196. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 185.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}Die Br\uc0\u252{}cke bei \uc0\u8217{}Arban/Tall \uc0\u703{}A\uc0\u487{}\uc0\u257{}\uc0\u487{}a am Unteren \uc0\u7722{}\uc0\u257{}b\uc0\u363{}r.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Die Grenzen der Welt Arabica et Iranica ad honorem Heinz Gaube}, edited by Lorenz Korn, Eva Orthmann, and Florian Schwarz. Wiesbaden: Reichert Verlag. Z.Bibliog. 283.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2014. {\i{}Die Aram\uc0\u228{}ischen Texte aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu / Magdalu}. Vol. {\i{}17}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Z.Bibliog. 253.\
R\uc0\u246{}llig, W., and A. Tsukimoto. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Mittelassyrische Texte zum Anbau von Gew\uc0\u252{}rzpflanzen.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Munuscula Mesopotamica. Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r J. Renger}, edited by B\uc0\u246{}ck B\uc0\u246{}ck, Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, and Thomas Richter, 267:427\uc0\u8211{}443. Alter Orient und Altes Testament. Z.Bibliog. 114.\
R\uc0\u246{}mer, C. 1995. \uc0\u8220{}Die rot engobierte Keramik im Unteren Habur-Gebiet.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Hellenistic and Roman Pottery in the Eastern Mediterranean, Advances in Scientific Studies. Acts of the Second Niebor\uc0\u243{}w Pottery Workshop, Warsaw}, 351\uc0\u8211{}363. Z.Bibliog. 84.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}A First Glimpse at Glazed Pottery from Tell \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Continuity and Change in Northern Mesopotamia from the Hellenistic to the Early Islamic Period: Proceedings of a Colloquium held at the Seminar f\uc0\u252{}r Vorderasiatische Altertumskunde, Freie Universit\uc0\u228{}t Berlin, April 6th\uc0\u8211{}9th, 1994, Berlin}, edited by Karin Bartl and Stefan R. Hauser, 17:13\uc0\u8211{}21. Berliner Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zum Vorderen Orient. Berlin: Dietrich Reimer Verlag. Z.Bibliog. 105.\
Rosa, D. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Middle Assyrian gina\uc0\u8217{}u Offerings Lists. Geographical Implications.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Ana turri gimilli\uc0\u8239{}: studi dedicati al padre Werner R. Mayer, S.J., da amici e allievi}, edited by Mario Liverani and Maria Giovanna Biga, 5:327\uc0\u8211{}342. Vicino oriente. Quaderno. Roma: Universit\uc0\u224{} di Roma La Sapienza. Z.Bibliog. 284.\
Salah, S. 2014. {\i{}Die Mittelassyrischen Personen- und Rationenlisten aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 18. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 254.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2019. \uc0\u8220{}Wer waren die Bewohner des mittelassyrischen D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zur Kenntnis und Deutung altorientalischer Archivalien Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Helmut Freydank zum 80. Geburtstag}, edited by Doris Prechel and Hans Neumann, 6:275\uc0\u8211{}382. dubsar Altorientalistische Publikationen Publications on the Ancient Near East. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Zaphon. Z.Bibliog. 327.\
Sanetra, M. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Contribution to the Knowledge of the Butterfly Fauna of Syria (Insecta, Lepidoptera, Rhopalocera).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Senckenbergiana biologica} 78 1: 165\uc0\u8211{}181. Z.Bibliog. 113.\
Saporetti, C. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}Eva Christiane Cancik-Kirschbaum, Die mittelassyrischen Briefe aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}h Hamad. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}h Hamad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu, Band 4, Texte 1. Berlin, Dietrich Reimer Verlag, 1996. XL-245 S., 9 Abb., 46 Taf. 24,9 x 35,3. DM 128,-.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalia} 66 4: 455\uc0\u8211{}458. Z.Bibliog. 120.\
Sass, B. 2015. \uc0\u8220{}A seal impression with Arabian legend on a Tell Sheikh Hamad tablet.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2: 132\uc0\u8211{}134. Z.Bibliog. 301.\
Schirmer, W. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}K\uc0\u252{}hne, Hartmut [Hrsg.): Die rezente Umwelt von Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad und Daten zur Umweltrekonstruktion der assyrischen Stadt D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Berlin: Dietrich Reimer Verlag 1991. 193 S. m. zahlr. Abb. 4\uc0\u176{} = Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu (BATSH), hrsg. von H. K\uc0\u252{}hne, A. Mahmoud und W. R\uc0\u246{}llig, 1. Lw. DM 188,. - Bespr. von W. Schirmer, D\uc0\u252{}sseldorf.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalistische Literaturzeitung} 88: 389\uc0\u8211{}392. Z.Bibliog. 103.\
Schneider, G. 1988. {\i{}Stone Ware from the Third Millennium B.C.? Investigation of a Metal-Imitating Pottery from Northern Mesopotamia. Paper presented at the 26th International Symposium on Archaeometry, Toronto}. Z.Bibliog. 44.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989. \uc0\u8220{}A Technological Study of North-Mesopotamian Stone Ware.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}World Archaeology} 21 1: 30\uc0\u8211{}50. Z.Bibliog. 47.\
Schneider, W. in Vorbereitung. \uc0\u8220{}Dragonflies from the Habur-Area, Mesopotamia, NE-Syria (Insecta: Odonata).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Fauna of the Khabour-Area}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Z.Bibliog. 41.\
Schneider, W., and F. Krupp. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}A possible natural hybrid between Ischnura elegans ebneri Schmidt, 1939 and Ischnura fountainei Morton, 1905 (Odonata: Coenagrionidae).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zoology in the Middle East} 12: 75\uc0\u8211{}81. doi:https://doi.org/10.1080/09397140.1996.10637692. Z.Bibliog. 39.\
Schuol, M. 2014. \uc0\u8220{}Wehry, Benjamin: Zwischen Orient und Okzident. Das Arsakidenzeitliche Gr\uc0\u228{}berfeld von Tall \uc0\u352{}eh Hamad/Magdala. Bd. 1: Analyse und Auswertung; Bd. 2: Katalog und Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz Verlag 2013. ISBN: 978-3-447-10023-6; Bd. 1: LXXVI, 303 S.; Bd. 2: S. 305\uc0\u8211{}657 Rezensiert von: Monika Schuol, Friedrich-Meinecke-Institut, Freie Universit\uc0\u228{}t Berlin.\uc0\u8221{} . http://hsozkult.geschichte.hu-berlin.de/index.asp?id=23131&view=pdf&pn=rezensionen&type=rezbuecher. Z.Bibliog. 258.\
Sewekow, B., and U. Sewekow. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Teilnahme an der Grabung im Mittel- und Neuassyrischen D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu/Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad 2004.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Fundstellen, Gesammelte Schriften zur Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie und Geschichte Altvorderasiens ad honorem Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne}, edited by Dominik Bonatz, Rainer Maria Czichon, and Florian Janoscha Kreppner, 393\uc0\u8211{}395. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 226.\
Shehab, A., A. Daoud, D. Kock, and Z. Amr. 2004. \uc0\u8220{}Small Mammals Recovered from Owl Pellets from Syria (Mammalia: Chiroptera, Rodentia).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zoology in the Middle East} 33: 27\uc0\u8211{}42. Z.Bibliog. 163.\
Shibata, D. 2015. December 20. \uc0\u8220{}Hemerology, Extispicy and Il\uc0\u299{}-pad\uc0\u226{}\uc0\u8217{}s Illness.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie und Vorderasiatische Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie} 105 2 (December 20): 139\uc0\u8211{}153. doi:https://doi.org/10.1515/za-2015-0014. Z.Bibliog. 302.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2016. \uc0\u8220{}The Local Scribal Tradition in the Land of M\uc0\u257{}ri and Assyrian State Scribal Practice.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Cultures and Societies in the Middle Euphrates and Habur Areas in the Second Millennium BC I Scribal Education and Scribal Traditions}, edited by Shigeo Yamada and Daisuke Shibata, 99\uc0\u8211{}118. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 308.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2017. \uc0\u8220{}An Expedition of King Shalmaneser I and Prince Tukult\uc0\u299{}-Ninurta to Carchemish.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}At the Dawn of History Ancient Near Eastern Studies in Honour of J. N. Postgate}, edited by Ya\uc0\u287{}mur Heffron, Adam Stone, and Martin Worthington, 491\uc0\u8211{}506. Indiana: Eisenbrauns. Z.Bibliog. 314.\
Siddall, L.R. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}A Historical and Ideological Analysis of the Reign of Adad-n\uc0\u299{}r\uc0\u257{}r\uc0\u299{} III, King of Assyria.\uc0\u8221{} . London: The University of London. Z.Bibliog. 337.\
Sperlich, W. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8222{}Wie Gott in Assyrien\uc0\u8220{}. Lebenskunst vor 3000 Jahren in der mesopotamischen Steppe.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bild der Wissenschaft} 3: 70\uc0\u8211{}79. Z.Bibliog. 86.\
Streck, M.P. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}Cancik-Kirschbaum, Eva Christiane:  Die mittelassyrischen Briefe aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}h Hamad. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}h Hamad  (=  H.  K\uc0\u252{}hne,  A. Mahmoud,  W. R\uc0\u246{}llig  [ed.],  Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall SehHamad  /  D\uc0\u252{}r-Katlimmu  [BATSH]  Band 4,  Texte  1). Dietrich  Reimer  Verlag, Berlin 1996,  XXX,  245 S.,  46 Taf.  35 x 24,8 cm.  Preis:  DM  128.-.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie und Vorderasiatische Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie} 87 2: 271\uc0\u8211{}276. doi:https://doi.org/10.1515/zava.1997.87.2.271. Z.Bibliog. 121.\
Tourtet, F. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8222{}Demons at home\uc0\u8220{}.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu 2008 and Beyond}, edited by Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne, 1:241\uc0\u8211{}265. Studia Chaburensia. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz. Z.Bibliog. 207.\
Tsukimoto, A. 1992. \uc0\u8220{}Aus einer japanischen Privatsammlung: Drei Verwaltungstexte und ein Brief aus mittelassyrischer Zeit.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Die Welt des Orients} 23: 21\uc0\u8211{}38. Z.Bibliog. 174.\
Wallenfels, R. 2019. \uc0\u8220{}Die neuassyrische und sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonische Glyptik aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad. Vol. 1: Text und Konkordanzen; Vol. 2: Katalog und Tafeln. By Anja F\uc0\u252{}gert. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu, vol. 16. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz Verlag, 2015. Pp. lxxviii + 318, ix + 497, illus. \uc0\u8364{}198.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of the American Oriental Society} 139.1: 231\uc0\u8211{}234. doi:https://www.doi.org/10.7817/jameroriesoci.139.1.0231. Z.Bibliog. 328.\
Warburton, D.A. 2015. \uc0\u8220{}Civil Society: Typology, Stratigraphy & North Mesopotamian Architectural History.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Akkadica} 136 2: 157\uc0\u8211{}199. Z.Bibliog. 260.\
Watanabe, C.E. 2012. \uc0\u8220{}K\uc0\u252{}hne, Hartmut (ed.): Dur-Katlimmu 2008 and Beyond. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz, 2010 (Studia Chaburensia 1). 265 Seiten. ISBN 978-3-447-06209 1. 54,00 \uc0\u8364{}.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Wiener Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r die Kunde des Morgenlandes} 102: 351\uc0\u8211{}352. Z.Bibliog. 245.\
Wehry, B. 2013. {\i{}Zwischen Orient und Okzident. Das arsakidenzeitliche Gr\uc0\u228{}berfeld von Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/Magdala. Mit Beitr\uc0\u228{}gen von K. Schmitt, H. Hornig, J. Luedtke Kennedy}. Vol. {\i{}13}. Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad / D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu. Z.Bibliog. 244.\
Zaccagnini, C. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Cancik-Kirschbaum, Eva Christiane - Die Mittelassyrischen Briefe aus Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad. (Berichte der Ausgrabung Tall \uc0\u352{}\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u7723{} \uc0\u7716{}amad/D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu (BATSH), 4,1). Dietrisch Reimer Verlag, Berlin 1996. (35 cm, XL, 246, [4] + 46 p. Taf.)- ISBN 3-496-02586-7. DM 128,-.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalis} 56 3\uc0\u8211{}4: 382\uc0\u8211{}386. doi:https://doi.org/10.2143/BIOR.56.3.2015821. Z.Bibliog. 280.\
Zadok, R. 1995. \uc0\u8220{}On the Late-Assyrian Texts from D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu and the Significance of the NA Documentation for Ethno-linguistic Classification.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1995 1: 2\uc0\u8211{}4. Z.Bibliog. 125.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}The Archive of \uc0\u352{}ulmu-\uc0\u353{}arri from D\uc0\u363{}r-Katlimmu.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}State Archives of Assyria Bulletin} XVIII,: 47\uc0\u8211{}90. Z.Bibliog. 216.\
Zeist, W. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Third to First Millenium BC Plant Cultivation on the Khabur, North-Eastern Syria.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Palaeohistoria} 41 42: 111\uc0\u8211{}125. Z.Bibliog. 154.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003. \uc0\u8220{}Comments on Plant Cultivation at Two Sites on the Khabur, North-Eastern Syria.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Reports on Archaeobotanical Studies in the Old World}, edited by Willem Zeist, 33\uc0\u8211{}60. Groningen. Z.Bibliog. 155.\
Zick, M. 2001. \uc0\u8220{}Die B\uc0\u252{}rokraten blieben.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bild der Wissenschaft} 4: 62\uc0\u8211{}66. Z.Bibliog. 141.\
Ziegler, N., and E. Cancik-Kirschbaum. 2017. \uc0\u8220{}Untersuchungen zur Toponymie Nordmesopotamiens im zweiten Jahrtausend v. Chr. 1. Sprechende Ortsnamen.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Zwischen Karawane und Orientexpress Streifz\uc0\u252{}ge durch Jahrtausende orientalischer Geschichte und Kultur Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Hannes Galter}, edited by Johannes Gie\uc0\u223{}auf, 434:322\uc0\u8211{}340. Alter Orient und Altes Testament. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit. Z.Bibliog. 315.\
}